abandon
complete lack of inhibition or restraint.

ability
possession of the means or skill to do something.
talent, skill, or proficiency in a particular area.

able
having the power, skill, means, or opportunity to do something.
having considerable skill, proficiency, or intelligence.

abortion
an object or undertaking that is unpleasant or badly made or carried out.
the deliberate termination of a human pregnancy, most often performed during the first 28 weeks.

about
(used with a number or quantity) approximately.

above
at a higher level or layer.

abroad
in or to a foreign country or countries.
in different directions; over a wide area.
foreign countries considered collectively.

absence
the state of being away from a place or person.

absolute
a value or principle which is regarded as universally valid or which may be viewed without relation to other things.

absolutely
with no qualification, restriction, or limitation; totally.
not viewed in relation to other things.

absorb
take in or soak up (energy or a liquid or other substance) by chemical or physical action.
take up the attention of (someone); interest greatly.

abstract
existing in thought or as an idea but not having a physical or concrete existence.
relating to or denoting art that does not attempt to represent external reality, but rather seeks to achieve its effect using shapes, colours, and textures.
consider something theoretically or separately from (something else).
extract or remove (something).
make a written summary of (an article or book).
a summary of the contents of a book, article, or speech.
an abstract work of art.

abuse
the improper use of something.
cruel and violent treatment of a person or animal.
insulting and offensive language.

academic
a teacher or scholar in a university or other institute of higher education.

accelerate
(especially of a vehicle) begin to move more quickly.

accent
emphasize (a particular feature).

accept
consent to receive or undertake (something offered).
believe or come to recognize (a proposition) as valid or correct.
tolerate or submit to (something unpleasant or undesired).

acceptable
able to be agreed on; suitable.
able to be tolerated or allowed.

acceptance
the action of consenting to receive or undertake something offered.
the process or fact of being received as adequate, valid, or suitable.
agreement with or belief in an idea or explanation.

access
approach or enter (a place).
obtain or retrieve (computer data or a file).

accessible
(of a place) able to be reached or entered.
(of a person, especially one in a position of authority) friendly and easy to talk to; approachable.

accident
an unfortunate incident that happens unexpectedly and unintentionally, typically resulting in damage or injury.
an event that happens by chance or that is without apparent or deliberate cause.

accommodate
(of a building or other area) provide lodging or sufficient space for.
fit in with the wishes or needs of.

accompany
go somewhere with (someone) as a companion or escort.
be present or occur at the same time as (something else).
play a musical accompaniment for.

accomplish
achieve or complete successfully.

accomplishment
something that has been achieved successfully.

according
as stated by or in.

account
a report or description of an event or experience.
a record or statement of financial expenditure and receipts relating to a particular period or purpose.
an arrangement by which a body holds funds on behalf of a client or supplies goods or services to them on credit.
importance.
an interpretation or rendering of a piece of music.
consider or regard in a specified way.
an arrangement by which a user is given personalized access to a computer, website, or application, typically by entering a username and password.

across
referring to a crossword answer which reads horizontally.
from one side to the other of (a place, area, etc.).
expressing position or orientation.

action
the fact or process of doing something, typically to achieve an aim.
a thing done; an act.
the way in which something works or moves.
armed conflict.
legal proceedings; a lawsuit.
take action on; deal with.

active
an active form of a verb.

actively
in a manner involving great or constant activity actively toward the goal of opening his own restaurant> Synonyms actively, assiduously, diligently, industriously, laboriously. Related Words energetically, vigorously; indefatigably, tirelessly. Near Antonyms lifelessly, sleepily.

activist
An activist is a person who campaigns for some kind of social change. When you participate in a march protesting the closing of a neighborhood library, you're an activist. Someone who's actively involved in a protest or a political or social cause can be called an activist.

actor
a person whose profession is acting on the stage, in films, or on television.
a participant in an action or process.

actually
as the truth or facts of a situation.
used to emphasize that something someone has said or done is surprising.

ad
analogue to digital.

adapt
make (something) suitable for a new use or purpose; modify.

add
any of a range of behavioural disorders occurring primarily in children, including such symptoms as poor concentration, hyperactivity, and learning difficulties.

addition
the action or process of adding something to something else.
the process of calculating the total of two or more numbers or amounts.

address
a formal speech delivered to an audience.
write the name and address of the intended recipient on (an envelope, letter, or parcel).
speak to (a person or an assembly).
think about and begin to deal with (an issue or problem).
the particulars of the place where someone lives or an organization is situated.

adjustment
a small alteration or movement made to achieve a desired fit, appearance, or result.

administer
manage and be responsible for the running of (a business, organization, etc.).
dispense or apply (a remedy or drug).
(of a priest) perform the rites of (a sacrament).

administration
the process or activity of running a business, organization, etc.
the management of public affairs; government.
the action of dispensing, giving, or applying something.

administrative
relating to the running of a business, organization, etc.

administrator
a person responsible for carrying out the administration of a business or organization.
a person who dispenses or administers something.

admission
a statement acknowledging the truth of something.
the process or fact of entering or being allowed to enter a place or organization.

admit
accept as valid.
confess to be true or to be the case.
allow (someone) to enter a place.
allow the possibility of.

adopt
legally take (another's child) and bring it up as one's own.
choose to take up or follow (an idea, method, or course of action).
take on or assume (an attitude or position).

adult
a person who is fully grown or developed.
fully grown or developed.

advanced
far on or ahead in development or progress.

advantage
put in a favourable or superior position.
a condition or circumstance that puts one in a favourable or superior position.

adventure
an unusual and exciting or daring experience.
engage in daring or risky activity.

advise
offer suggestions about the best course of action to someone.

affair
an event or sequence of events of a specified kind or that has previously been referred to.
a love affair.

afraid
feeling fear or anxiety; frightened.

after
in the time following (an event or another period of time).
behind.
in pursuit or quest of.
next to and following in order or importance.
in allusion to (someone or something with the same or a related name).
during the period of time following (an event).
nearer the stern of a ship.

afternoon
the time from noon or lunchtime to evening.

afterward
at a later or future time.

again
another time; once more.

against
in opposition to.
in anticipation of and preparation for (a problem or difficulty).

age
forming nouns:
the length of time that a person has lived or a thing has existed.
a distinct period of history.
grow old or older.
denoting an action.
denoting an aggregate or number of.
denoting a place or abode.

agency
a business or organization providing a particular service on behalf of another business, person, or group.
action or intervention producing a particular effect.

agenda
a list of items to be discussed at a formal meeting.

agent
a person who acts on behalf of another, in particular:
a person or thing that takes an active role or produces a specified effect.

aggression
feelings of anger or antipathy resulting in hostile or violent behaviour; readiness to attack or confront.

aggressive
ready or likely to attack or confront; characterized by or resulting from aggression.

ago
before the present; earlier (used with a measurement of time).

agree
say that one will do something which has been suggested by another person.
be consistent with.
have the same opinion about something; concur.

agreement
harmony or accordance in opinion or feeling.

agricultural
relating to agriculture.

agriculture
the science or practice of farming, including cultivation of the soil for the growing of crops and the rearing of animals to provide food, wool, and other products.

ah
used to express a range of emotions including surprise, pleasure, sympathy, and realization.

ahead
further forward in space; in the line of one's forward motion.
in the lead.
higher in number, amount, or value than previously.

aid
artificial insemination by donor.
help, typically of a practical nature.
help or support (someone or something) in the achievement of something.

aide
an assistant to an important person, especially a political leader.

AIDS
a disease in which there is a severe loss of the body's cellular immunity, greatly lowering the resistance to infection and malignancy.

aim
point or direct (a weapon or camera) at a target.
have the intention of achieving.
a purpose or intention; a desired outcome.
the directing of a weapon or missile at a target.

air
a jump off the ground on a snowboard or skateboard.
the invisible gaseous substance surrounding the earth, a mixture mainly of oxygen and nitrogen.
an impression of a quality or manner given by someone or something.
express (an opinion or grievance) publicly.

aircraft
an aeroplane, helicopter, or other machine capable of flight.

airline
an organization providing a regular public service of air transport on one or more routes.

airplane
an aeroplane.

airport
a complex of runways and buildings for the take-off, landing, and maintenance of civil aircraft, with facilities for passengers.

aisle
a passage between rows of seats in a building such as a church or theatre, an aircraft, or train.

alarm
an anxious awareness of danger.
make (someone) feel frightened, disturbed, or in danger.
be fitted or protected with an alarm.

album
a blank book for the insertion of photographs, stamps, or pictures.

ambassador
an accredited diplomat sent by a state as its permanent representative in a foreign country.

ambition
a strong desire to do or achieve something.

ambitious
having or showing a strong desire and determination to succeed.

amendment
a minor change or addition designed to improve a text, piece of legislation, etc.

American
relating to or characteristic of the United States or its inhabitants.

amid
surrounded by; in the middle of.

among
situated more or less centrally in relation to (several other things).
being a member or members of (a larger set).

amount
come to be (the total) when added together.
a quantity of something, especially the total of a thing or things in number, size, value, or extent.

analysis
detailed examination of the elements or structure of something.

analyst
a person who conducts analysis.

analyze
examine (something) methodically and in detail, typically in order to explain and interpret it.
psychoanalyse (someone).

ancestor
a person, typically one more remote than a grandparent, from whom one is descended.

angel
a person of exemplary conduct or virtue.
a person who supports a business financially, typically one who invests private capital in a small or newly established enterprise.
a spiritual being believed to act as an attendant, agent, or messenger of God, conventionally represented in human form with wings and a long robe.
a former English coin minted between the reigns of Edward IV and Charles I and bearing the figure of the archangel Michael killing a dragon.

anger
a strong feeling of annoyance, displeasure, or hostility.
fill (someone) with anger; provoke anger in.

angle
a particular way of approaching or considering an issue or problem.
the space (usually measured in degrees) between two intersecting lines or surfaces at or close to the point where they meet.

angry
feeling or showing strong annoyance, displeasure, or hostility; full of anger.

animal
a living organism which feeds on organic matter, typically having specialized sense organs and nervous system and able to respond rapidly to stimuli.
relating to or characteristic of animals.

ankle
the joint connecting the foot with the leg.

anniversary
the date on which an event took place or an institution was founded in a previous year.

announce
make a formal public statement about a fact, occurrence, or intention.

annual
a book or magazine that is published once a year under the same title but with different contents.
occurring once every year.

annually
once a year; every year.

anonymous
(of a person) not identified by name; of unknown name.

another
used to refer to an additional person or thing of the same type as one already mentioned or known about; one more; a further.

answer
a thing that is said, written, or done as a reaction to a question, statement, or situation.
a solution to a problem or dilemma.
a person or thing regarded as the equivalent to a better-known one from another place.
say or write something as a reaction to someone or something.
act in reaction to (a sound such as a telephone ringing or a knock or ring on a door).
be responsible or report to (someone).
defend oneself against (a charge, accusation, or criticism).
be suitable for fulfilling (a need); satisfy.

anticipate
regard as probable; expect or predict.
act as a forerunner or precursor of.

anxiety
a feeling of worry, nervousness, or unease about something with an uncertain outcome.
strong desire or concern to do something or for something to happen.

anxious
feeling or showing worry, nervousness, or unease about something with an uncertain outcome.
very eager or concerned to do something or for something to happen.

any
used to refer to one or some of a thing or number of things, no matter how much or how many.
whichever of a specified class might be chosen.
at all; in some degree (used for emphasis).

anybody
anyone.

anyone
any person or people.

anything
used to refer to a thing, no matter what.

anyway
used to confirm or support a point or idea just mentioned.

anywhere
in or to any place.

apart
(of two or more people or things) separated by a specified distance in time or space.
to or on one side; at a distance from the main body.
so as to be shattered; into pieces.

apologize
express regret for something that one has done wrong.

apology
a very poor or inadequate example of.
a regretful acknowledgement of an offence or failure.

apparent
clearly visible or understood; obvious.
seeming real or true, but not necessarily so.

apparently
as far as one knows or can see.

appeal
make a serious, urgent, or heartfelt request.
be attractive or interesting.
a serious, urgent, or heartfelt request.
a request for donations to support a charity or cause.
the quality of being attractive or interesting.

army
an organized military force equipped for fighting on land.
a large number of people or things.

around
located or situated on every side.
so as to face in the opposite direction.
in or to many places throughout a locality.
aimlessly or unsystematically; here and there.
present, living, in the vicinity, or in active use.
(used with a number or quantity) approximately.
on every side of.
in or to many places throughout (a community or locality).
following an approximately circular route.
so as to encircle or embrace (someone or something).

arrange
put (things) in a neat, attractive, or required order.
organize or make plans for (a future event).
adapt (a musical composition) for performance with instruments or voices other than those originally specified.

arrangement
the action, process, or result of arranging or being arranged.
a plan or preparation for a future event.
a musical composition arranged for performance with instruments or voices differing from those originally specified.

array
an impressive display or range of a particular type of thing.
an ordered arrangement, in particular:
display or arrange (things) in a particular way.
dress someone in (the clothes specified).

arrest
stop or check (progress or a process).
attract the attention of (someone).
the action of seizing someone and taking them into custody.
a stoppage or sudden cessation of motion.
seize (someone) by legal authority and take them into custody.

arrival
the action or process of arriving.

arrive
reach a place at the end of a journey or a stage in a journey.
(of an event or a particular moment) happen or come.
reach (a conclusion or decision).
(of a baby) be born.

arrow
move or appear to move swiftly and directly.
a weapon consisting of a thin, straight stick with a sharp point, designed to be shot from a bow.

art
article.
subjects of study primarily concerned with human creativity and social life, such as languages, literature, and history (as contrasted with scientific or technical subjects).
a skill at doing a specified thing, typically one acquired through practice.
the various branches of creative activity, such as painting, music, literature, and dance.
the expression or application of human creative skill and imagination, typically in a visual form such as painting or sculpture, producing works to be appreciated primarily for their beauty or emotional power.

article
a particular item or object.
a separate clause or paragraph of a legal document or agreement, typically one outlining a single rule or regulation.
a piece of writing included with others in a newspaper, magazine, or other publication.
bind (a trainee solicitor, architect, surveyor, or accountant) to undergo a period of training with a firm in order to become qualified.

articulate
having or showing the ability to speak fluently and coherently.
pronounce (something) clearly and distinctly.
form a joint.

artifact
an object made by a human being, typically one of cultural or historical interest.

artificial
made or produced by human beings rather than occurring naturally, especially as a copy of something natural.
(of a person or their behaviour) insincere or affected.

artist
a person who creates paintings or drawings as a profession or hobby.

artistic
having or revealing natural creative skill.

as
used in comparisons to refer to the extent or degree of something.

ash
the powdery residue left after the burning of a substance.
a trophy for the winner of a series of Test matches in a cricket season between England and Australia.

Asian
relating to Asia or its people, customs, or languages.

aside
the side of a pop single regarded as the main one.
to one side; out of the way.
a remark or passage in a play that is intended to be heard by the audience but is supposed to be unheard by the other characters in the play.

ask
say something in order to obtain an answer or some information.
say to (someone) that one wants them to do or give something.
invite (someone) to one's home or a function.

asleep
in or into a state of sleep.

aspect
a particular part or feature of something.
the positioning of a building or other structure in a particular direction.

ass
a person's buttocks or anus.
a hoofed mammal of the horse family, which is typically smaller than a horse and has longer ears and a braying call.

assault
make a physical attack on.
a physical attack.
a concerted attempt to do something demanding.

assemble
a leap in which the feet are brought together before landing.
(of people) gather together in one place for a common purpose.
fit together the separate component parts of (a machine or other object).

assembly
the action of gathering together as a group for a common purpose.
a group of people gathered together in one place for a common purpose.
the action of fitting together the component parts of a machine or other object.

assert
state a fact or belief confidently and forcefully.

assessment
the action of assessing someone or something.

asset
a useful or valuable thing or person.

attractive
pleasing or appealing to the senses.

attribute
regard something as being caused by.
a quality or feature regarded as a characteristic or inherent part of someone or something.

audience
the assembled spectators or listeners at a public event such as a play, film, concert, or meeting.
a formal interview with a person in authority.

aunt
the sister of one's father or mother or the wife of one's uncle.

author
a writer of a book, article, or document.
be the author of (a book or piece of writing).

authorize
give official permission for or approval to (an undertaking or agent).

auto
a car.

automatically
Full Definition of AUTOMATIC. 1. a : largely or wholly involuntary; especially : reflex 5 <automatic blinking of the eyelids> b : acting or done spontaneously or unconsciously. c : done or produced as if by machine : mechanical <the answers were automatic>

autonomy
the right or condition of self-government.

availability
In reliability theory and reliability engineering, the term availability has the following meanings: The degree to which a system, subsystem or equipment is in a specified operable and committable state at the start of a mission, when the mission is called for at an unknown, i.e. a random, time.

average
the apportionment of financial liability resulting from loss of or damage to a ship or its cargo.
constituting the result obtained by adding together several amounts and then dividing this total by the number of amounts.
amount to or achieve as an average rate or amount over a period of time; mean.
a number expressing the central or typical value in a set of data, in particular the mode, median, or (most commonly) the mean, which is calculated by dividing the sum of the values in the set by their number.

avoid
keep away from or stop oneself from doing (something).

await
wait for (an event).

awake
not asleep.
stop sleeping; wake from sleep.

award
give or order the giving of (something) as an official payment, compensation, or prize to (someone).
a prize or other mark of recognition given in honour of an achievement.

aware
having knowledge or perception of a situation or fact.

awareness
knowledge or perception of a situation or fact.

away
into non-existence.
an away match or win.
to or at a distance from a particular place or person.
into an appropriate place for storage or safekeeping.
constantly, persistently, or continuously.
(of a sports fixture) played at the opponents' ground.

awful
very bad or unpleasant.
used to emphasize the extent of something, especially something unpleasant or negative.
awfully; very.

baby
treat (someone) as a baby; pamper or be overprotective towards.

back
the grounds of Cambridge colleges which back on to the River Cam.
the rear surface of the human body from the shoulders to the hips.
the side or part of something that is away from the spectator or from the direction in which it moves or faces; the rear.
a player in a team game who plays in a defensive position behind the forwards.
in the opposite direction from the one that one is facing or travelling towards.
so as to return to an earlier or normal position or condition.
in or into the past.
in return.
give financial, material, or moral support to.
cover the back of (an article) in order to support, protect, or decorate it.
walk or drive backwards.
(of a building or other structure) have its back facing or adjacent to.
(in popular music) provide musical accompaniment to (a singer or musician).
of or at the back of something.
from or relating to the past.
directed towards the rear or in a reversed course.

background
the part of a picture, scene, or design that forms a setting for the main figures or objects, or appears furthest from the viewer.
the circumstances or situation prevailing at a particular time or underlying a particular event.
form a background to.
provide with background.

backyard
a yard at the back of a house or other building.

bad
lacking or failing to conform to moral virtue.
(of a part of the body) injured, diseased, or painful.
(of food) decayed; putrid.
regretful, guilty, or ashamed about something.
worthless; not valid.
badly.
of poor quality or a low standard.
not such as to be hoped for or desired; unpleasant or unwelcome.

badly
in an unsatisfactory, inadequate, or unsuccessful way.
used to emphasize the seriousness of an unpleasant event or action.
in a guilty or regretful way.

bag
(in southern Africa) a unit of measurement, used especially of grain, equal to 70 kg (formerly 200 lb).
the amount of game shot by a hunter.
put (something) in a bag.
succeed in killing or catching (an animal).
(of clothes, especially trousers) form loose bulges due to wear.
loose folds of skin under a person's eyes.
a flexible container with an opening at the top, used for carrying things.

bake
cook (food) by dry heat without direct exposure to a flame, typically in an oven.
(of the sun or other agency) subject (something) to dry heat, especially so as to harden it.
a dish consisting of a mixture of ingredients cooked in an oven.

balance
an even distribution of weight enabling someone or something to remain upright and steady.
a situation in which different elements are equal or in the correct proportions.
an apparatus for weighing, especially one with a central pivot, beam, and two scales.
a counteracting weight or force.
a predominating amount; a preponderance.
a figure representing the difference between credits and debits in an account; the amount of money held in an account.
put (something) in a steady position so that it does not fall.
offset or compare the value of (one thing) with another.
compare debits and credits in (an account) so as to ensure that they are equal.

balanced
keeping or showing a balance; in good proportions.
put (something) in a steady position so that it does not fall.
offset or compare the value of (one thing) with another.
compare debits and credits in (an account) so as to ensure that they are equal.

bay
the sound of baying.
(of a horse) brown with black points.
a bay horse.
a broad inlet of the sea where the land curves inwards.
a compartment with a specified function in a vehicle, aircraft, or ship.
(of a dog, especially a large one) bark or howl loudly.
a space created by a window line projecting outwards from a wall.
an evergreen Mediterranean shrub with deep green leaves and purple berries. Its aromatic leaves are used in cookery and were formerly used to make triumphal crowns for victors.

be
having the state, quality, identity, nature, role, etc., specified.
exist.
occur; take place.

beach
run or haul up (a boat or ship) on to a beach.
a pebbly or sandy shore, especially by the sea between high- and low-water marks.

beam
a long, sturdy piece of squared timber or metal used to support the roof or floor of a building.
a radiant or good-natured look or smile.
transmit (a radio signal or broadcast) in a specified direction.
(of a light or light source) shine brightly.
smile radiantly.
a ray or shaft of light.

bean
an edible seed, typically kidney-shaped, growing in long pods on certain leguminous plants.

beard
a growth of hair on the chin and lower cheeks of a man's face.

beautiful
pleasing the senses or mind aesthetically.

become
begin to be.
(of clothing) look good on or suit (someone).

bee
a stinging winged insect which collects nectar and pollen, produces wax and honey, and lives in large communities.

beef
the flesh of a cow, bull, or ox, used as food.
complain.

beg
ask someone earnestly or humbly for something.
ask for food or money as charity.

begin
perform or undergo the first part of (an action or activity).

beginning
the point in time or space at which something begins.
perform or undergo the first part of (an action or activity).

behalf
in the interests of a person, group, or principle.
as a representative of.

behave
act or conduct oneself in a specified way, especially towards others.
conduct oneself in accordance with the accepted norms of a society or group.

behavior
the way in which one acts or conducts oneself, especially towards others.

behavioral
involving, relating to, or emphasizing behaviour.

behind
at or to the far side of (something), typically so as to be hidden by it.
following or further back than (another member of a moving group).

being
existence.
the nature or essence of a person.
a real or imaginary living creature or entity, especially an intelligent one.
exist.
occur; take place.
having the state, quality, identity, nature, role, etc., specified.

belief
an acceptance that something exists or is true, especially one without proof.
trust, faith, or confidence in (someone or something).

believe
accept that (something) is true, especially without proof.
hold (something) as an opinion; think.

bell
a hollow metal object, typically in the shape of a deep inverted cup widening at the lip, that sounds a clear musical note when struck, especially by means of a clapper inside.
a bell-shaped object or part, in particular:

belly
the front part of the human trunk below the ribs, containing the stomach and bowels.
swell or cause to swell.
the rounded underside of a ship or aircraft.

belong
be the property of.

below
at a lower level or layer than.
at a lower level or layer.
extending underneath.

belt
a strip of leather or other material worn, typically round the waist, to support or hold in clothes or to carry weapons.
a strip of material used in various technical applications, in particular:
a strip or encircling area that is different in nature or composition from its surroundings.
fasten with a belt.
beat or strike (someone), especially with a belt as a punishment.

bench
a judge's seat in a law court.
a long seat for several people, typically made of wood or stone.
a long work table in a workshop or laboratory.

bend
shape or force (something straight) into a curve or angle.
(of a person) incline the body downwards from the vertical.
force or be forced to submit.
direct (one's attention or energies) to a task.

beneath
extending or directly underneath.
at a lower level or layer than.
extending or directly underneath something.
at a lower level or layer.

benefit
an event such as a concert or game, intended to raise money for a particular player or charity.
a payment made by the state or an insurance scheme to someone entitled to receive it.
an advantage or profit gained from something.

bit
put a bit into the mouth of (a horse).
a unit of information expressed as either a 0 or 1 in binary notation.
a small piece, part, or quantity of something.
use the teeth to cut into (something).
(of a tool, tyre, boot, etc.) grip or take hold on a surface.
a tool or piece for boring or drilling.
a mouthpiece, typically made of metal, which is attached to a bridle and used to control a horse.

bitter
having a sharp, pungent taste or smell; not sweet.
feeling or showing anger, hurt, or resentment because of bad experiences or a sense of unjust treatment.
painful or unpleasant to accept or contemplate.
(of wind or weather) intensely cold.
alcohol flavoured with bitter plant extracts, used as an additive in cocktails or as a medicinal substance to promote appetite or digestion.

black
belonging to or denoting any human group having dark-coloured skin, especially of African or Australian Aboriginal ancestry.
of the very darkest colour owing to the absence of or complete absorption of light; the opposite of white.

blade
the flat cutting edge of a knife, saw, or other tool or weapon.

blame
feel or declare that (someone or something) is responsible for a fault or wrong.
responsibility for a fault or wrong.

blank
(of a surface or background) unrelieved by decorative or other features; bare, empty, or plain.
showing a lack of comprehension or reaction.
complete; absolute (used emphatically with negative force).
a space left to be filled in a document.
an object which has no mark or design on it, in particular:
a dash written instead of a word or letter, especially instead of an obscenity or profanity.
make (something) blank or empty.
used euphemistically in place of an adjective regarded as obscene, profane, or abusive.
an empty space or period of time, especially in terms of a lack of knowledge or understanding.
a cartridge containing gunpowder but no bullet, used for training or as a signal.

blend
mix (a substance) with another substance so that they combine together.
a mixture of different substances or other things.

blind
unable to see because of injury, disease, or a congenital condition.
lacking perception, awareness, or judgement.
concealed or closed, in particular:

blond
(chiefly of hair) fair or pale yellow.

blood
fiery or passionate temperament.
family background; descent or lineage.
violence involving bloodshed.
Hunting
a member of a North American Indian people belonging to the Blackfoot Confederacy.
initiate (someone) in a particular activity.
the red liquid that circulates in the arteries and veins of humans and other vertebrate animals, carrying oxygen to and carbon dioxide from the tissues of the body.

boast
talk with excessive pride and self-satisfaction about one's achievements, possessions, or abilities.
(of a person, place, or thing) possess (a feature that is a source of pride).
an act of talking with excessive pride and self-satisfaction.
(in squash) a stroke in which the ball is made to hit one of the side walls before hitting the front wall.

bold
(of a person, action, or idea) showing a willingness to take risks; confident and courageous.
(of a colour, design, or shape) having a strong, vivid, or clear appearance.
a bold typeface or letter.

bolt
eat (food) quickly.
a folded edge of a piece of paper that is trimmed off to allow it to be opened, as on a section of a book.
fasten with a bolt, in particular:
(of a horse or other animal) run away suddenly, typically from fear.
a roll of fabric, originally as a measure.
pass (flour, powder, or other material) through a sieve.
a short, heavy arrow shot from a crossbow.
a large metal pin, in particular:
a jagged white flash of lightning.

bombing
an act or instance of dropping or detonating a bomb somewhere.

bond
a thing used to tie something or to fasten things together.
an agreement with legal force, in particular:
a strong force of attraction holding atoms together in a molecule or crystal, resulting from the sharing or transfer of electrons.
join or be joined securely to something else, especially by means of an adhesive substance, heat, or pressure.
join or be joined by a chemical bond.
lay (bricks) in an overlapping pattern so as to form a strong structure.
place (dutiable goods) in bond.
Building

bone
any of the pieces of hard whitish tissue making up the skeleton in humans and other vertebrates.

bonus
a sum of money added to a person's wages as a reward for good performance.

book
a written or printed work consisting of pages glued or sewn together along one side and bound in covers.
a bound set of blank sheets for writing in.
a set of tickets, stamps, matches, samples of cloth, etc., bound together.
the first six tricks taken by the declarer in a hand of bridge, after which further tricks count towards fulfilling the contract.
reserve (accommodation, a place, etc.); buy (a ticket) in advance.
make an official note of the personal details of (a person who has broken a law or rule).

boom
a loud, deep, resonant sound.

boost
help or encourage (something) to increase or improve.
a source of help or encouragement leading to increase or improvement.

boot
a sturdy item of footwear covering the foot and ankle, and sometimes also the lower leg.

boring
(of an athlete or racehorse) push another competitor out of the way.
not interesting; tedious.
make (a hole) in something with a tool or by digging.
cause (someone) to feel weary and uninterested by dull talk or behaviour.

born
existing as a result of birth.

borrow
take and use (something belonging to someone else) with the intention of returning it.

boss
Bureau of State Security.
give (someone) orders in a domineering manner.
a cow.
excellent; outstanding.
a stud on the centre of a shield.
a person who is in charge of a worker or organization.

both
used for emphasis to refer to two people or things, regarded and identified together.

bother
take the trouble to do something.
(of a circumstance or event) worry, disturb, or upset (someone).
effort, trouble, or difficulty.
used to express mild irritation or impatience.

bottle
place (drinks or other liquid) in bottles for storage.
a glass or plastic container with a narrow neck, used for storing drinks or other liquids.

bottom
the lowest point or part of something.

boundary
a line which marks the limits of an area; a dividing line.

broad
having a distance larger than usual from side to side; wide.
covering a large number and wide scope of subjects.
general; without detail.
somewhat coarse and indecent.
a woman.
(of a regional accent) very noticeable and strong.

broken
having been broken.
(of a person) having given up all hope; despairing.
having breaks or gaps in continuity.
having an uneven and rough surface.
separate into pieces as a result of a blow, shock, or strain.
interrupt (a continuity, sequence, or course).
fail to observe (a law, regulation, or agreement).
crush the emotional strength, spirit, or resistance of.
undergo a change or enter a new state, in particular:
(of news or a scandal) suddenly become public.
(chiefly of an attacking player or team, or of a military force) make a rush or dash in a particular direction.

broker
a person who buys and sells goods or assets for others.
arrange or negotiate (an agreement).

bronze
make (a person or part of the body) suntanned.
give (something) a surface of bronze or something resembling bronze.
a yellowish-brown alloy of copper with up to one-third tin.

brother
a man or boy in relation to other sons and daughters of his parents.
used to express annoyance or surprise.

brown
brown colour or pigment.
of a colour produced by mixing red, yellow, and blue, as of dark wood or rich soil.

brush
a light and fleeting touch.
the bushy tail of a fox.
an implement with a handle and a block of bristles, hair, or wire, used especially for cleaning, applying a liquid or powder to a surface, or arranging the hair.
a drumstick with long wire bristles, used to make a soft hissing sound on drums or cymbals.

brutal
savagely violent.

buddy
a close friend.

budget
an estimate of income and expenditure for a set period of time.

build
construct (something) by putting parts or material together.
make or become stronger or more intense.
the proportions of a person's or animal's body.
the style or form of construction of something, especially a vehicle.

bulk
the mass or size of something large.
the greater part of something.
treat (a product) so that its quantity appears greater than it is.
combine (shares or commodities for sale).

bull
an uncastrated male bovine animal.

bunch
a number of things, typically of the same kind, growing or fastened together.
collect or fasten into a compact group.

burden
the main theme or gist of a speech, book, or argument.
load heavily.
a load, typically a heavy one.

bureau
an office or department for transacting particular business.

burn
produce (a CD or DVD) by copying from an original or master copy.
a small stream.
(of a fire) flame or glow while consuming a material such as coal or wood.
be or cause to be destroyed by fire.
be entirely possessed by (a desire or an emotion).
an injury caused by exposure to heat or flame.
consumption of a type of fuel as an energy source.

burning
produce (a CD or DVD) by copying from an original or master copy.
be or cause to be destroyed by fire.
be entirely possessed by (a desire or an emotion).
on fire.
(of a fire) flame or glow while consuming a material such as coal or wood.

burst
separate (continuous stationery) into single sheets.
break open or apart suddenly and violently, especially as a result of an impact or internal pressure.
issue suddenly and uncontrollably.
suddenly begin doing or producing something.
an instance of breaking or splitting as a result of internal pressure or puncturing; an explosion.
a sudden brief outbreak.
a period of continuous and intense effort.

bury
put or hide underground.
cover (someone or something) completely.

bus
a large motor vehicle carrying passengers by road, typically one serving the public on a fixed route and for a fare.

businessman
a man who works in commerce, especially at executive level.

busy
having a great deal to do.
excessively detailed or decorated.
keep oneself occupied.
a police officer.

but
used to indicate the impossibility of anything other than what is being stated.
used to introduce a response expressing a feeling such as surprise or anger.
used to introduce a phrase or clause contrasting with what has already been mentioned.

butt
(of a person or animal) hit (someone or something) with the head or horns.
a push or blow, especially one given with the head.

butter
a pale yellow edible fatty substance made by churning cream and used as a spread or in cooking.

butterfly
a nectar-feeding insect with two pairs of large, typically brightly coloured wings that are covered with microscopic scales. Butterflies are distinguished from moths by having clubbed or dilated antennae, holding their wings erect when at rest, and being active by day.

button
a small disc or knob sewn on to a garment, either to fasten it by being pushed through a slit made for the purpose or for decoration.
a small device on a piece of electrical or electronic equipment which is pressed to operate it.

buy
obtain in exchange for payment.
a purchase.

buyer
a person who makes a purchase.

capacity
the maximum amount that something can contain.
the amount that something can produce.
the ability or power to do or understand something.
a specified role or position.

capital
the city or town that functions as the seat of government and administrative centre of a country or region.
(of an offence or charge) liable to the death penalty.
(of a letter of the alphabet) large in size and of the form used to begin sentences and names.
used to express approval, satisfaction, or delight.
wealth in the form of money or other assets owned by a person or organization or available for a purpose such as starting a company or investing.
a letter of the size and form used to begin sentences and names.
the distinct, typically broader section at the head of a pillar or column.

car
a road vehicle, typically with four wheels, powered by an internal-combustion engine and able to carry a small number of people.

carbohydrate
any of a large group of organic compounds occurring in foods and living tissues and including sugars, starch, and cellulose. They contain hydrogen and oxygen in the same ratio as water (2:1) and typically can be broken down to release energy in the animal body.

carbon
the chemical element of atomic number 6, a non-metal which has two main forms (diamond and graphite) and which also occurs in impure form in charcoal, soot, and coal.

career
an occupation undertaken for a significant period of a person's life and with opportunities for progress.
move swiftly and in an uncontrolled way.

careful
making sure of avoiding potential danger, mishap, or harm; cautious.
done with or showing thought and attention.

carry
transfer (a figure) to an adjacent column during an arithmetical operation (e.g. when a column of digit adds up to more than ten).
support and move (someone or something) from one place to another.
support the weight of.
(of a sound, ball, missile, etc.) reach a specified point.
assume or accept (responsibility or blame).
stand and move in a specified way.
have as a feature or consequence.
approve (a proposed measure) by a majority of votes.

case
each of the two forms, capital or minuscule, in which a letter of the alphabet may be written or printed.
surround in a material or substance.
an instance of a particular situation; an example of something occurring.
an instance of a disease, injury, or problem.
a container designed to hold or protect something.
a legal action, especially one to be decided in a court of law.

casino
a public room or building where gambling games are played.

casualty
a person killed or injured in a war or accident.

cat
a small domesticated carnivorous mammal with soft fur, a short snout, and retractile claws. It is widely kept as a pet or for catching mice, and many breeds have been developed.

catch
an act of catching something, typically a ball.
a game in which a ball is thrown back and forth between two or more players.
intercept and hold (something which has been thrown, propelled, or dropped).
capture (a person or animal that tries or would try to escape).
(of an object) accidentally become entangled or trapped in something.
reach in time and board (a train, bus, or aircraft).
engage (a person's interest or imagination).
strike (someone) on a part of the body.
contract (an illness) through infection or contagion.
become ignited and start burning.
a hidden problem or disadvantage in an apparently ideal situation.
an unevenness in a person's voice caused by emotion.
a device for securing something such as a door, window, or box.

category
a class or division of people or things regarded as having particular shared characteristics.

Catholic
including a wide variety of things; all-embracing.
of the Roman Catholic faith.

cattle
animals of a group related to domestic cattle, including yak, bison, and buffaloes.
large ruminant animals with horns and cloven hoofs, domesticated for meat or milk, or as beasts of burden; cows and oxen.

cause
a person or thing that gives rise to an action, phenomenon, or condition.
a principle, aim, or movement to which one is committed and which one is prepared to defend or advocate.
a matter to be resolved in a court of law.
make (something, especially something bad) happen.

cave
a natural underground chamber in a hillside or cliff.

cease
come or bring to an end.

ceiling
an upper limit set on prices, wages, or expenditure.
the maximum altitude that a particular aircraft can reach.
the upper interior surface of a room or other similar compartment.

celebration
the action of celebrating an important day or event.

celebrity
a famous person, especially in entertainment or sport.

cell
a small group forming a nucleus of political activity, typically a secret, subversive one.
a device containing electrodes immersed in an electrolyte, used for generating current or for electrolysis.
a small room in which a prisoner is locked up or in which a monk or nun sleeps.
the local area covered by one of the short-range transmitters in a cellular telephone system.

cemetery
a large burial ground, especially one not in a churchyard.

center
the point that is equally distant from every point on the circumference of a circle or sphere.
the point from which an activity or process is directed, or on which it is focused.

century
a period of one hundred years.
a score of a hundred in a sporting event, especially a batsman's score of a hundred runs in cricket.
a company in the ancient Roman army, originally of a hundred men.

CEO
a chief executive officer, the highest-ranking person in a company or other institution, ultimately responsible for taking managerial decisions.

ceremony
the ritual observances and procedures required or performed at grand and formal occasions.
a formal religious or public occasion, especially one celebrating a particular event, achievement, or anniversary.

certain
some but not all.
able to be firmly relied on to happen or be the case.
specific but not explicitly named or stated.

cheer
shout for joy or in praise or encouragement.
give comfort or support to.
a shout of encouragement, praise, or joy.
cheerfulness, optimism, or confidence.

cheese
a food made from the pressed curds of milk, firm and elastic or soft and semi-liquid in texture.

chemistry
the branch of science concerned with the substances of which matter is composed, the investigation of their properties and reactions, and the use of such reactions to form new substances.

chest
a large strong box, typically made of wood and used for storage or transport.
the front surface of a person's or animal's body between the neck and the stomach.
propel (the ball) by means of one's chest.

chew
bite and work (food) in the mouth with the teeth, especially to make it easier to swallow.
a repeated biting or gnawing of something.

childhood
the state or period of being a child.

chill
an unpleasant feeling of coldness in the atmosphere, one's surroundings, or the body.
a metal mould, often cooled, designed to ensure rapid or even cooling of metal during casting.

chin
the protruding part of the face below the mouth, formed by the apex of the lower jaw.

cholesterol
a compound of the sterol type found in most body tissues. Cholesterol and its derivatives are important constituents of cell membranes and precursors of other steroid compounds, but high concentrations in the blood are thought to promote atherosclerosis.

Christian
relating to or professing Christianity or its teachings.
relating to or professing Christianity or its teachings.

chronic
(of an illness) persisting for a long time or constantly recurring.

church
a building used for public Christian worship.
take (a woman who has recently given birth) to church for a service of thanksgiving.

circle
a round plane figure whose boundary (the circumference) consists of points equidistant from a fixed point (the centre).
a group of people with a shared profession, interests, or acquaintances.
move all the way around (someone or something), especially more than once.

cite
a citation.
refer to (a passage, book, or author) as evidence for or justification of an argument or statement, especially in a scholarly work.
praise (someone, typically a member of the armed forces) in an official report for a courageous act.
summon (someone) to appear in court.

citizenship
the position or status of being a citizen of a particular country.

city
a large town.

civic
relating to a city or town, especially its administration; municipal.

civil
relating to ordinary citizens and their concerns, as distinct from military or ecclesiastical matters.
courteous and polite.
(of time) fixed by custom or law rather than being natural or astronomical.

civilian
relating to civilians.
a person not in the armed services or the police force.

civilization
the stage of human social development and organization which is considered most advanced.

claim
formally request or demand; say that one owns or has earned (something).
cause the loss of (someone's life).
an assertion that something is true.
a demand or request for something considered one's due.
state or assert that something is the case, typically without providing evidence or proof.

class
a set or category of things having some property or attribute in common and differentiated from others by kind, type, or quality.
a system of ordering society whereby people are divided into sets based on perceived social or economic status.
a group of students or pupils who are taught together.
assign or regard as belonging to a particular category.
showing stylish excellence.

classical
relating to ancient Greek or Latin literature, art, or culture.
representing an exemplary standard within a traditional and long-established form or style.

classroom
a room in which a class of pupils or students is taught.

clay
a European moth with yellowish-brown wings.
a stiff, sticky fine-grained earth that can be moulded when wet, and is dried and baked to make bricks, pottery, and ceramics.

clean
free from dirt, marks, or stains.
morally uncontaminated; pure; innocent.
free from irregularities; having a smooth edge or surface.
(of a taste, sound, or smell) giving a clear and distinctive impression to the senses; sharp and fresh.

clearly
in a clear manner; with clarity.

clerk
a person employed in an office or bank to keep records, accounts, and undertake other routine administrative duties.

click
make or cause to make a click.
a short, sharp sound as of a switch being operated or of two hard objects coming smartly into contact.

client
(in ancient Rome) a plebeian under the protection of a patrician.
a person or organization using the services of a lawyer or other professional person or company.

cognitive
relating to cognition.

coin
a flat disc or piece of metal with an official stamp, used as money.
make (coins) by stamping metal.
invent (a new word or phrase).

collaboration
traitorous cooperation with an enemy.
the action of working with someone to produce something.

collapse
(of a structure) suddenly fall down or give way.
(of a person) fall down and become unconscious as a result of illness or injury.
fail suddenly and completely.
fold or be foldable into a small space.
an instance of a structure falling down or giving way.

collar
the part of a plant where the stem joins the roots.
seize or apprehend (someone).
a connecting band or pipe in machinery.
the part around the neck of a shirt, blouse, jacket or coat, either upright or turned over.

colleague
a person with whom one works in a profession or business.

collect
a winning bet.
(in church use) a short prayer, especially one assigned to a particular day or season.
bring or gather together (a number of things).
call for and take away; fetch.
regain control of oneself, typically after a shock.
cause (a horse) to bring its hind legs further forward as it moves.
(with reference to a telephone call) to be paid for by the person receiving it.

collection
the action or process of collecting someone or something.
a group of things or people.

college
an organized group of professional people with particular aims, duties, and privileges.
an educational institution or establishment, in particular:

color
vivid appearance resulting from the juxtaposition of many bright things.
an item or items of a particular colour worn to identify or distinguish an individual or a member of a group, in particular a jockey or a member of a sports team.
a shade of meaning.
pigmentation of the skin, especially as an indication of someone's race.
the property possessed by an object of producing different sensations on the eye as a result of the way it reflects or emits light.

column
an upright pillar, typically cylindrical, supporting an arch, entablature, or other structure or standing alone as a monument.
a vertical division of a page or text.
one or more lines of people or vehicles moving in the same direction.

combination
a joining or merging of different parts or qualities in which the component elements are individually distinct.
a sequence of numbers or letters used to open a combination lock.

combined
join or merge to form a single unit or substance.
unite for a common purpose.
harvest (a crop) by means of a combine harvester.

comfortable
a warm quilt.
(especially of clothes or furnishings) providing physical ease and relaxation.
as large as is needed or wanted.

coming
due to happen or just beginning.
likely to be important or successful in the future.

command
give an authoritative or peremptory order.
dominate (a strategic position) from a superior height.
be in a strong enough position to have or secure.
an authoritative order.
the ability to use or control something.

commander
a member of a higher class in some orders of knighthood.
a person in authority, especially over a body of troops or a military operation.

comment
a verbal or written remark expressing an opinion or reaction.
express an opinion or reaction in speech or writing.

commercial
(of television or radio) funded by the revenue from broadcast advertisements.
concerned with or engaged in commerce.
making or intended to make a profit.

commission
an instruction, command, or role given to a person or group.
a group of people entrusted by a government or other official body with authority to do something.
a sum, typically a set percentage of the value involved, paid to an agent in a commercial transaction.
a warrant conferring the rank of officer in an army, navy, or air force.

commissioner
a person appointed to a role on or by a commission.

commit
perpetrate or carry out (a mistake, crime, or immoral act).
pledge or bind (a person or an organization) to a certain course or policy.
transfer something to (a state or place where it can be kept or preserved).

commitment
the state or quality of being dedicated to a cause, activity, etc.
an engagement or obligation that restricts freedom of action.

committee
a group of people appointed for a specific function by a larger group and typically consisting of members of that group.

commodity
a raw material or primary agricultural product that can be bought and sold, such as copper or coffee.

common
Prosody
(in the Christian Church) a form of service used for each of a group of occasions.
English Law
occurring, found, or done often; prevalent.
shared by, coming from, or done by two or more people, groups, or things.
a piece of open land for public use.

communication
the imparting or exchanging of information by speaking, writing, or using some other medium.
means of sending or receiving information, such as telephone lines or computers.
means of travelling or of transporting goods, such as roads or railways.

community
Ecology
the condition of sharing or having certain attitudes and interests in common.
a group of people living in the same place or having a particular characteristic in common.

companion
a covering over the hatchway leading to a ship's companionway.
a person or animal with whom one spends a lot of time or with whom one travels.
each of a pair of things intended to complement or match each other.
a member of the lowest grade of certain orders of knighthood.
accompany.

company
a commercial business.
a number of individuals gathered together.
associate with; keep company with.
the fact or condition of being with another or others, especially in a way that provides friendship and enjoyment.

concentrate
focus all one's attention on a particular object or activity.
gather (people or things) together in a common location.
increase the strength or proportion of (a substance or solution) by removing or reducing the other diluting agent or by selective accumulation of atoms or molecules.
a substance made by removing or reducing the diluting agent; a concentrated form of something.

concentration
the action or power of focusing all one's attention.
a close gathering of people or things.
the relative amount of a particular substance contained within a solution or mixture or in a particular volume of space.

concerning
on the subject of or in connection with; about.
causing anxiety; worrying.
relate to; be about.
make (someone) anxious or worried.

concert
a musical performance given in public, typically by several performers or of several compositions.
arrange (something) by mutual agreement or coordination.

conclude
bring or come to an end.
arrive at a judgement or opinion by reasoning.

conclusion
the end or finish of an event, process, or text.
a judgement or decision reached by reasoning.

concrete
existing in a material or physical form; not abstract.
a building material made from a mixture of broken stone or gravel, sand, cement, and water, which can be spread or poured into moulds and forms a stone-like mass on hardening.

condemn
express complete disapproval of; censure.
sentence (someone) to a particular punishment, especially death.
officially declare (something) to be unfit for use.

confess
admit that one has committed a crime or done something wrong.

confident
feeling or showing confidence in oneself or one's abilities or qualities.
a confidant.
feeling or showing certainty about something.

confront
come face to face with (someone) with hostile or argumentative intent.

confuse
make (someone) bewildered or perplexed.

confusion
uncertainty about what is happening, intended, or required.
the state of being bewildered or unclear in one's mind about something.

connection
a relationship in which a person or thing is linked or associated with something else.

conscience
a person's moral sense of right and wrong, viewed as acting as a guide to one's behaviour.

conscious
aware of and responding to one's surroundings.
having knowledge of something.

consciousness
the state of being aware of and responsive to one's surroundings.
a person's awareness or perception of something.

consecutive
following each other continuously.

consensus
a general agreement.

consent
give permission for something to happen.
permission for something to happen or agreement to do something.

consequence
a result or effect, typically one that is unwelcome or unpleasant.
importance or relevance.
a game in which a narrative is made up by the players in turn, each ignorant of what has already been contributed.

consequently
as a result.

conservation
the action of conserving something, in particular:

conservative
averse to change or innovation and holding traditional values.
(of an estimate) purposely low for the sake of caution.
(of surgery or medical treatment) intended to control rather than eliminate a condition, with existing tissue preserved as far as possible.
(in a political context) favouring free enterprise, private ownership, and socially conservative ideas.

consider
think carefully about (something), typically before making a decision.
look attentively at.

considerable
notably large in size, amount, or extent.

considerably
by a notably large amount or to a notably large extent; greatly.

consideration
careful thought, typically over a period of time.
a payment or reward.

consist
be composed or made up of.

conspiracy
a secret plan by a group to do something unlawful or harmful.

continuing
persist in an activity or process.
recommence or resume after interruption.

contract
a written or spoken agreement, especially one concerning employment, sales, or tenancy, that is intended to be enforceable by law.
decrease in size, number, or range.
enter into a formal and legally binding agreement.
catch or develop (a disease or infectious agent).
become liable to pay (a debt).

control
the power to influence or direct people's behaviour or the course of events.
a person or thing used as a standard of comparison for checking the results of a survey or experiment.
a member of an intelligence organization who personally directs the activities of a spy.
determine the behaviour or supervise the running of.
take into account (an extraneous factor that might affect the results of an experiment).

controversial
giving rise or likely to give rise to controversy or public disagreement.

controversy
prolonged public disagreement or heated discussion.

convenience
the state of being able to proceed with something without difficulty.

convention
a way in which something is usually done.
an agreement between states covering particular matters, especially one less formal than a treaty.
a large meeting or conference, especially of members of a political party or a particular profession or group.

conventional
based on or in accordance with what is generally done or believed.

conversation
a talk, especially an informal one, between two or more people, in which news and ideas are exchanged.

conversion
Psychiatry
the process of changing or causing something to change from one form to another.
the fact of changing one's religion or beliefs or the action of persuading someone else to change theirs.
(in the context of online marketing) the proportion of people viewing an advertisement and going on to buy the product, click on a link, etc.

convey
transport or carry to a place.

convince
cause (someone) to believe firmly in the truth of something.

convinced
completely certain about something.

cool
of or at a fairly low temperature.
a fairly low temperature.
calmness; composure.
the quality of being fashionably attractive or impressive.
become or make less hot.
showing no friendliness towards a person or enthusiasm for an idea or project.

cooperation
the action or process of working together to the same end.

cooperative
involving mutual assistance in working towards a common goal.
a farm, business, or other organization which is owned and run jointly by its members, who share the profits or benefits.

coordinate
bring the different elements of (a complex activity or organization) into a harmonious or efficient relationship.

cop
a conical mass of thread wound on to a spindle.
a police officer.
catch or arrest (an offender).
receive or attain (something welcome).

copy
a thing made to be similar or identical to another.
a single specimen of a particular book, record, or other publication or issue.
matter to be printed.
make a similar or identical version of; reproduce.
imitate the style or behaviour of.
hear or understand someone speaking on a radio transmitter.

cord
ribbed fabric, especially corduroy.
thin, flexible string or rope made from several twisted strands.

core
the part of something that is central to its existence or character.
Economics
remove the tough central part and seeds from (a fruit).
denoting types of rock or dance music that have an aggressive presentation.
(in the US) Congress of Racial Equality.
the tough central part of various fruits, containing the seeds.
the dense central region of a planet, especially the nickeliron inner part of the earth.

corner
a position in which one dominates the supply of a particular commodity.
a location or area, especially one regarded as secluded or remote.
a place or angle where two sides or edges meet.

correct
free from error; in accordance with fact or truth.
put right (an error or fault).

correctly
in a way that is true, factual or appropriate; accurately.

correlation
a mutual relationship or connection between two or more things.

correspondent
a person who writes letters on a regular basis.
a person employed to report for a newspaper or broadcasting organization.
corresponding.

corridor
a long passage in a building from which doors lead into rooms.

corruption
dishonest or fraudulent conduct by those in power, typically involving bribery.
the process by which a word or expression is changed from its original state to one regarded as erroneous or debased.

cost
(of an object or action) require the payment of (a specified sum of money) before it can be acquired or done.
estimate the price of.
an amount that has to be paid or spent to buy or obtain something.

cow
a fully grown female animal of a domesticated breed of ox, kept to produce milk or beef.

craft
skill used in deceiving others.
exercise skill in making (an object), typically by hand.
an activity involving skill in making things by hand.
a boat or ship.

creation
the action or process of bringing something into existence.
the creating of the universe, especially when regarded as an act of God.
the action of investing someone with a title of nobility.

creative
relating to or involving the use of the imagination or original ideas to create something.
a person whose job involves creative work.

creativity
the use of imagination or original ideas to create something; inventiveness.

creature
an animal, as distinct from a human being.
a person or organization considered to be under the complete control of another.

credibility
the quality of being trusted and believed in.

credit
public acknowledgement or praise, given or received when a person's responsibility for an action or idea becomes apparent.
publicly acknowledge a contributor's role in the production of (something published or broadcast).
add (an amount of money) to an account.
the ability of a customer to obtain goods or services before payment, based on the trust that payment will be made in the future.
an entry recording a sum received, listed on the right-hand side or column of an account.

crew
provide (a craft or vehicle) with a group of people to operate it.
a group of people who work on and operate a ship, aircraft, etc.
a group of people who work closely together.

crime
an action or omission which constitutes an offence and is punishable by law.
(especially in the army) charge with or find guilty of an offence.

crisis
a time of intense difficulty or danger.

critic
a person who expresses an unfavourable opinion of something.
a person who judges the merits of literary or artistic works, especially one who does so professionally.

critical
expressing adverse or disapproving comments or judgements.
(of a situation or problem) having the potential to become disastrous; at a point of crisis.
(of a nuclear reactor or fuel) maintaining a self-sustaining chain reaction.
expressing or involving an analysis of the merits and faults of a work of literature, music, or art.

cross
a mark, object, or figure formed by two short intersecting lines or pieces (+ or ).

crowd
(of a number of people) fill (a space) almost completely, leaving little or no room for movement.
move too close to (someone).
a large number of people gathered together in a disorganized or unruly way.

crowded
(of a space) full of people, leaving little or no room for movement; packed.

crucial
decisive or critical, especially in the success or failure of something.

cruel
wilfully causing pain or suffering to others, or feeling no concern about it.
spoil or ruin (an opportunity or a chance of success).

crush
a drink made from the juice of pressed fruit.
deform, pulverize, or force inwards by compressing forcefully.
violently subdue (opposition or a rebellion).
make (someone) feel overwhelmingly disappointed or embarrassed.
a fenced passage with one narrow end, used for handling cattle or sheep.
a crowd of people pressed closely together.

cry
shed tears in distress, pain, or sorrow.
shout or scream in fear, pain, or grief.
(of a bird or other animal) make a loud characteristic call.

crystal
a piece of a homogeneous solid substance having a natural geometrically regular form with symmetrically arranged plane faces.

cue
a facility for playing through an audio or video recording very rapidly until a desired starting point is reached.
a thing said or done that serves as a signal to an actor or other performer to enter or to begin their speech or performance.

culture
the arts and other manifestations of human intellectual achievement regarded collectively.
the ideas, customs, and social behaviour of a particular people or society.
the cultivation of plants.
maintain (tissue cells, bacteria, etc.) in conditions suitable for growth.

cup
a small bowl-shaped container for drinking from, typically having a handle.

curious
eager to know or learn something.
strange; unusual.

currency
a system of money in general use in a particular country.
the fact or quality of being generally accepted or in use.

current
belonging to the present time; happening or being used or done now.
a body of water or air moving in a definite direction, especially through a surrounding body of water or air in which there is less movement.
a flow of electricity which results from the ordered directional movement of electrically charged particles.
the general tendency or course of events or opinion.

curriculum
the subjects comprising a course of study in a school or college.

curtain
a piece of material suspended at the top to form a screen, typically movable sideways along a rail and found as one of a pair at a window.
a screen of heavy cloth or other material that can be raised or lowered at the front of a stage.

dead
no longer alive.
complete; absolute.
absolutely; completely.

deadly
causing or able to cause death.
in a way resembling or suggesting death; as if dead.

debate
argue about (a subject), especially in a formal manner.
a formal discussion on a particular matter in a public meeting or legislative assembly, in which opposing arguments are put forward and which usually ends with a vote.

debt
a sum of money that is owed or due.

decade
a period of ten years.

decide
come or bring to a resolution in the mind as a result of consideration.

decision
a conclusion or resolution reached after consideration.

deck
a floor of a ship, especially the upper, open level extending for the full length of the vessel.

declare
announce that one holds (certain combinations of cards) in a card game.
say something in a solemn and emphatic manner.
acknowledge possession of (taxable income or dutiable goods).

decline
a gradual and continuous loss of strength, numbers, or value.
(in the grammar of Latin, Greek, and certain other languages) state the forms of (a noun, pronoun, or adjective) corresponding to case, number, and gender.
(especially of the sun) move downwards.
politely refuse (an invitation or offer).
(typically of something regarded as good) become smaller, fewer, or less; decrease.

decrease
make or become smaller or fewer in size, amount, intensity, or degree.
an instance of becoming smaller or fewer.

dedicate
devote (time or effort) to a particular task or purpose.

deep
extending far down from the top or surface.
very intense or extreme.
(of sound) low in pitch and full in tone; not shrill.
(of colour) dark and intense.
far down or in; deeply.

defeat
win a victory over (someone) in a battle or other contest; overcome or beat.
an instance of defeating or being defeated.

defendant
an individual, company, or institution sued or accused in a court of law.

defender
Scots Law
a person who defends someone or something.
(in sport) a player whose task it is to protect their own side's goal.

defense
(in sport) the action or role of defending one's goal or wicket against the opposition.
the action of defending from or resisting attack.
the case presented by or on behalf of the party accused of a crime or being sued in a civil lawsuit.

defensive
used or intended to defend or protect.
very anxious to challenge or avoid criticism.

deficit
the amount by which something, especially a sum of money, is too small.

define
state or describe exactly the nature, scope, or meaning of.
mark out the boundary or limits of.

definitely
without doubt (used for emphasis).

definition
a statement of the exact meaning of a word, especially in a dictionary.
the degree of distinctness in outline of an object, image, or sound.

degree
the amount, level, or extent to which something happens or is present.
a unit of measurement of angles, one ninetieth of a right angle or the angle subtended by one three-hundred-and-sixtieth of the circumference of a circle.

delay
make (someone or something) late or slow.
a period of time by which something is late or postponed.

deliberately
consciously and intentionally; on purpose.
in a careful and unhurried way.

delicate
very fine in texture or structure; of intricate workmanship or quality.
easily broken or damaged; fragile.
requiring sensitive or careful handling.
a delicate fabric or garment.

delight
please (someone) greatly.
great pleasure.

deliver
bring and hand over (a letter, parcel, or goods) to the proper recipient or address.
provide (something promised or expected).
launch or aim (a blow, ball, or attack).
state in a formal manner.
assist in the birth of.
save, rescue, or set someone or something free from.

delivery
an act of throwing, bowling, or kicking a ball, especially a cricket ball.
the action of delivering letters, parcels, or goods.
the process of giving birth.
the manner or style of giving a speech.
the supply or provision of something.

demand
an insistent and peremptory request, made as of right.
ask authoritatively or brusquely.

desert
a waterless, desolate area of land with little or no vegetation, typically one covered with sand.
like a desert.
abandon (a person, cause, or organization) in a way considered disloyal or treacherous.

desperate
feeling or showing a hopeless sense that a situation is so bad as to be impossible to deal with.
(of a person) having a great need or desire for something.

destination
the place to which someone or something is going or being sent.

destruction
the action or process of causing so much damage to something that it no longer exists or cannot be repaired.

detailed
having many details or facts; showing attention to detail.
give full information about.
assign (someone) to undertake a particular task.

detective
a person, especially a police officer, whose occupation is to investigate and solve crimes.

determination
the controlling or deciding of the nature or outcome of something.
the quality of being determined; firmness of purpose.
the process of establishing something exactly by calculation or research.

determine
cause (something) to occur in a particular way or to have a particular nature.
firmly decide.
ascertain or establish exactly by research or calculation.

devastating
highly destructive or damaging.
causing severe shock, distress, or grief.
destroy or ruin.
cause (someone) severe and overwhelming shock or grief.

develop
grow or cause to grow and become more mature, advanced, or elaborate.
start to exist, experience, or possess.
treat (a photographic film) with chemicals to make a visible image.

developmental
concerned with the development of someone or something.

device
a plan, method, or trick with a particular aim.
a drawing or design.
a thing made or adapted for a particular purpose, especially a piece of mechanical or electronic equipment.

diabetes
a disorder of the metabolism causing excessive thirst and the production of large amounts of urine.

diamond
a precious stone consisting of a clear and colourless crystalline form of pure carbon, the hardest naturally occurring substance.

die
(of a person, animal, or plant) stop living.

differ
be unlike or dissimilar.

difference
alter (a coat of arms) to distinguish members or branches of a family.
a point or way in which people or things are dissimilar.
a disagreement, quarrel, or dispute.

different
not the same as another or each other; unlike in nature, form, or quality.
distinct; separate.

dignity
the state or quality of being worthy of honour or respect.
a composed or serious manner or style.

dilemma
a situation in which a difficult choice has to be made between two or more alternatives, especially ones that are equally undesirable.

dimension
a measurable extent of a particular kind, such as length, breadth, depth, or height.
cut or shape (something) to particular measurements.
an aspect or feature of a situation.

diminish
make or become less.

dining
eat dinner.

dinner
the main meal of the day, taken either around midday or in the evening.

dip
diploma.
put or let something down quickly or briefly in or into (liquid).
put a hand or implement into (a bag or container) in order to take something out.
sink, drop, or slope downwards.
a brief swim.
a brief downward slope followed by an upward one.
a thick sauce in which pieces of food are dipped before eating.

diplomatic
of or concerning diplomacy.
(of an edition or copy) exactly reproducing an original version.

direct
without intervening factors or intermediaries.
(of a person or their behaviour) going straight to the point; frank.
perpendicular to a surface; not oblique.
with no one or nothing in between.
control the operations of; manage or govern.
aim (something) in a particular direction or at a particular person.
give (someone) an official order or authoritative instruction.
extending or moving from one place to another without changing direction or stopping.

direction
a course along which someone or something moves.
the management or guidance of someone or something.

director
a person who is in charge of an activity, department, or organization.

dissolve
(with reference to a solid) become or cause to become incorporated into a liquid so as to form a solution.
close down or dismiss (an assembly or official body).
an act or instance of moving gradually from one image or scene in a film to another.

distinctive
characteristic of one person or thing, and so serving to distinguish it from others.

district
an area of a country or city, especially one characterized by a particular feature or activity.
divide into areas.

disturbing
causing anxiety; worrying.

diversity
the state of being diverse.

divine
providence or God.
of or like God or a god.

division
the action of separating something into parts or the process of being separated.
difference or disagreement between two or more groups, typically producing tension.
the process of dividing one number by another.
each of the parts into which something is divided.
a partition.

divorce
a divorced person.
the legal dissolution of a marriage by a court or other competent body.
legally dissolve one's marriage with (someone).

do
(in tonic sol-fa) the first and eighth note of a major scale.
ditto.
perform (an action, the precise nature of which is often unspecified).
achieve or complete, in particular:
act or behave in a specified way.
be suitable or acceptable.
used to refer back to a verb already mentioned.
used to give emphasis to a positive verb.
used with inversion of a subject and verb when an adverbial phrase begins a clause for emphasis.
used before a verb (except be, can, may, ought, shall, will ) in questions and negative statements.

dock
a device in which a laptop, smartphone, or other mobile device may be placed for charging, providing access to a power supply and to peripheral devices or auxiliary features; a docking station.
an enclosed area of water in a port for the loading, unloading, and repair of ships.

doctor
a person who is qualified to treat people who are ill.
a person who holds the highest university degree.

doctrine
a belief or set of beliefs held and taught by a Church, political party, or other group.

dog
a domesticated carnivorous mammal that typically has a long snout, an acute sense of smell, non-retractile claws, and a barking, howling, or whining voice.

domestic
relating to the running of a home or to family relations.
existing or occurring inside a particular country; not foreign or international.
a person who is paid to help with cleaning and other menial tasks in a person's home.

dominate
have power and influence over.

donate
give (money or goods) for a good cause, for example to a charity.

donation
something that is given to a charity, especially a sum of money.

donor
a person who donates something, especially money to charity.

double
consisting of two equal, identical, or similar parts or things.
Bell-ringing
at or to twice the amount or extent.
a thing which is twice as large as usual or is made up of two standard units or things.
a person who looks exactly like another.
(especially in tennis and badminton) a game or competition involving sides made up of two players.
a pair of victories in the same sport in two different competitions.
a number or amount which is twice as large as a contrasting or usual number or amount.
become twice as much or as many.
fold or bend (paper, cloth, or other material) over on itself.
be used in or play another, different role.
twice as much or as many.

dough
a thick, malleable mixture of flour and liquid, used for baking into bread or pastry.

down
towards or in a lower place or position, especially to or on the ground or another surface.
to or at a lower level of intensity, volume, or activity.

downtown
in or relating to the central part or main business and commercial area of a town or city.

dozen
a group or set of twelve.

draft
a written order to pay a specified sum.
a preliminary version of a piece of writing.

drag
pull (someone or something) along forcefully, roughly, or with difficulty.
(of time) pass slowly and tediously.
the action of pulling something forcefully or with difficulty.

drain
cause the water or other liquid in (something) to run out, leaving it empty or dry.
deprive of strength or vitality.
a thing that uses up a particular resource.
a channel or pipe carrying off surplus liquid, especially rainwater or liquid waste.

drama
a play for theatre, radio, or television.
an exciting, emotional, or unexpected event or circumstance.

dramatic
relating to drama or the performance or study of drama.

drunk
affected by alcohol to the extent of losing control of one's faculties or behaviour.
a person who is drunk or who habitually drinks to excess.
take (a liquid) into the mouth and swallow.
watch or listen to something with eager pleasure or interest.

dumb
temporarily unable or unwilling to speak.

duty
a moral or legal obligation; a responsibility.
a task or action that one is required to perform as part of one's job.
a payment levied on the import, export, manufacture, or sale of goods.

dynamic
(of a person) positive in attitude and full of energy and new ideas.
a force that stimulates change or progress within a system or process.
(of a process or system) characterized by constant change, activity, or progress.

each
used to refer to every one of two or more people or things, regarded and identified separately.
to, for, or by every one of a group (used after a noun or an amount).

ear
the organ of hearing and balance in humans and other vertebrates, especially the external part of this.
the seed-bearing head or spike of a cereal plant.

earth
the planet on which we live; the world.
the substance of the land surface; soil.

earthquake
a sudden violent shaking of the ground, typically causing great destruction, as a result of movements within the earth's crust or volcanic action.

ease
absence of difficulty or effort.
make (something unpleasant or intense) less serious or severe.
move carefully or gradually.
(of share prices, interest rates, etc.) decrease in value or amount.

easily
without difficulty or effort.
without doubt; by far.

east
the direction towards the point of the horizon where the sun rises at the equinoxes, on the right-hand side of a person facing north.

eastern
situated in, directed towards, or facing the east.

eat
put (food) into the mouth and chew and swallow it.
light food or snacks.

ecological
relating to or concerned with the relation of living organisms to one another and to their physical surroundings.

economics
the branch of knowledge concerned with the production, consumption, and transfer of wealth.

economy
careful management of available resources.
the cheapest class of air or rail travel.
the state of a country or region in terms of the production and consumption of goods and services and the supply of money.

ecosystem
a biological community of interacting organisms and their physical environment.

edge
the line along which two surfaces of a solid meet.
the outside limit of an object, area, or surface.
a quality or factor which gives superiority over close rivals.
the sharpened side of the blade of a cutting implement or weapon.

edit
prepare (written material) for publication by correcting, condensing, or otherwise modifying it.
be editor of (a newspaper or magazine).
a change or correction made as a result of editing.

edition
a particular form or version of a published text.
the total number of copies of a book, newspaper, or other published material issued at one time.

editor
a person who is in charge of and determines the final content of a newspaper, magazine, or multi-author book.

educate
give intellectual, moral, and social instruction to (someone), typically at a school or university.

education
the process of receiving or giving systematic instruction, especially at a school or university.
an enlightening experience.

educator
a person who provides instruction or education; a teacher.

effect
a change which is a result or consequence of an action or other cause.
personal belongings.
cause (something) to happen; bring about.
the lighting, sound, or scenery used in a play, film, or broadcast.

effective
successful in producing a desired or intended result.
existing in fact, though not formally acknowledged as such.
a soldier fit and available for service.

effectively
in such a manner as to achieve a desired result.

effectiveness
the degree to which something is successful in producing a desired result; success.

efficiency
the state or quality of being efficient.

efficient
(of a system or machine) achieving maximum productivity with minimum wasted effort or expense.
(of a person) working in a well-organized and competent way.

elephant
a very large plant-eating mammal with a prehensile trunk, long curved ivory tusks, and large ears, native to Africa and southern Asia. It is the largest living land animal.

eliminate
completely remove or get rid of (something).
expel (waste matter) from the body.

embarrassed
feeling or showing embarrassment.
cause (someone) to feel awkward, self-conscious, or ashamed.

embrace
hold (someone) closely in one's arms, especially as a sign of affection.
accept (a belief, theory, or change) willingly and enthusiastically.
include or contain (something) as a constituent part.
an act of accepting something willingly or enthusiastically.
an act of holding someone closely in one's arms.

emerge
move out of or away from something and become visible.
become apparent or prominent.
recover from or survive a difficult situation.

emergency
a serious, unexpected, and often dangerous situation requiring immediate action.

emerging
move out of or away from something and become visible.
become apparent or prominent.
recover from or survive a difficult situation.

emission
the production and discharge of something, especially gas or radiation.

emotion
a strong feeling deriving from one's circumstances, mood, or relationships with others.

emotional
relating to a person's emotions.

emotionally
pertaining to or involving emotion or the emotions. subject to or easily affected by emotion: We are an emotional family, given to demonstrations of affection. appealing to the emotions: an emotional request for contributions.

emphasis
special importance, value, or prominence given to something.
stress given to a word or words when speaking to indicate particular importance.

emphasize
give special importance or value to (something) in speaking or writing.
lay stress on (a word or phrase) when speaking.
make (something) more clearly defined.

empire
denoting a style of furniture, decoration, or dress fashionable chiefly during the First Empire in France. The decorative style was neoclassical but marked by an interest in Egyptian and other ancient motifs.
an extensive group of states or countries ruled over by a single monarch, an oligarchy, or a sovereign state.
an extensive sphere of activity controlled by one person or group.

employ
give work to (someone) and pay them for it.
make use of.
the state of being employed for wages or a salary.

employee
a person employed for wages or salary, especially at non-executive level.

employer
a person or organization that employs people.

employment
the utilization of something.
the state of having paid work.

empty
a bottle or glass left empty of its contents.
containing nothing; not filled or occupied.
(of words or a gesture) lacking meaning or sincerity.
having no value or purpose.
remove all the contents of (a container).

enable
give (someone) the authority or means to do something; make it possible for.

enact
make (a bill or other proposal) law.
put into practice (an idea or suggestion).

encounter
unexpectedly be faced with or experience (something hostile or difficult).
meet (someone) unexpectedly.
an unexpected or casual meeting with someone or something.

encourage
give support, confidence, or hope to (someone).

encouraging
giving someone support or confidence; supportive.

end
a final part of something, especially a period of time, an activity, or a story.
the furthest or most extreme part of something.
a part or person's share of an activity.
(in bowls and curling) a session of play in one particular direction across the playing area.
a goal or desired result.
come or bring to a final point; finish.
denoting a person or thing to be treated in a specified way.

endless
having or seeming to have no end or limit.

endorse
(in South Africa under apartheid) order a black person to leave an urban area for failing to meet certain requirements of the Native Laws Amendment Act.
(in the UK) mark (a driving licence) with the penalty points given as a punishment for a driving offence.
sign (a cheque or bill of exchange) on the back to make it payable to someone other than the stated payee or to accept responsibility for paying it.
declare one's public approval or support of.

endure
suffer (something painful or difficult) patiently.
remain in existence; last.

enemy
a person who is actively opposed or hostile to someone or something.

energy
the strength and vitality required for sustained physical or mental activity.
power derived from the utilization of physical or chemical resources, especially to provide light and heat or to work machines.

enforce
compel observance of or compliance with (a law, rule, or obligation).

enforcement
the act of compelling observance of or compliance with a law, rule, or obligation.

epidemic
a widespread occurrence of an infectious disease in a community at a particular time.
of the nature of an epidemic.

episode
an event or a group of events occurring as part of a sequence; an incident or period considered in isolation.
each of the separate instalments into which a serialized story or radio or television programme is divided.

equal
being the same in quantity, size, degree, or value.
having the ability or resources to meet (a challenge).
a person or thing that is the same as another in status or quality.
be the same as in number or amount.

equality
the state of being equal, especially in status, rights, or opportunities.

equally
in the same manner or to the same extent.

equation
the process of equating one thing with another.

equip
supply with the necessary items for a particular purpose.

equipment
the necessary items for a particular purpose.

equity
the quality of being fair and impartial.
the value of the shares issued by a company.
the value of a mortgaged property after deduction of charges against it.

equivalent
equal in value, amount, function, meaning, etc.
a person or thing that is equal to or corresponds with another in value, amount, function, meaning, etc.

era
a long and distinct period of history.

error
a mistake.

escape
break free from confinement or control.
fail to be noticed or remembered by (someone).
an act of breaking free from confinement or control.
a form of temporary distraction from reality or routine.
a leakage of gas, liquid, or heat from a container.

especially
used to single out one person or thing over all others.
to a great extent; very much.

essay
attempt or try.
a short piece of writing on a particular subject.

essence
the intrinsic nature or indispensable quality of something, especially something abstract, which determines its character.
an extract or concentrate obtained from a plant or other matter and used for flavouring or scent.

essential
(of an amino acid or fatty acid) required for normal growth but not synthesized in the body and therefore necessary in the diet.
absolutely necessary; extremely important.
a thing that is absolutely necessary.

establish
show (something) to be true or certain by determining the facts.
achieve permanent acceptance or recognition for.
set up on a firm or permanent basis.

establishment
a business organization, public institution, or household.
the action of establishing something or being established.
the ecclesiastical system organized by law.
a group in a society exercising power and influence over matters of policy, opinion, or taste, and seen as resisting change.

estate
an area or amount of land or property, in particular:
a class or order regarded as forming part of the body politic, in particular (in Britain), one of the three groups constituting Parliament, now the Lords spiritual (the heads of the Church), the Lords temporal (the peerage), and the Commons. They are also known as the three estates.

estimate
roughly calculate or judge the value, number, quantity, or extent of.
an approximate calculation or judgement of the value, number, quantity, or extent of something.

estimated
roughly calculate or judge the value, number, quantity, or extent of.

ethical
(of a medicine) legally available only on a doctor's prescription and usually not advertised to the general public.
relating to moral principles or the branch of knowledge dealing with these.

ethnic
relating to a population subgroup (within a larger or dominant national or cultural group) with a common national or cultural tradition.

European
relating to or characteristic of Europe or its inhabitants.
relating to or characteristic of Europe or its inhabitants.

evaluation
the making of a judgement about the amount, number, or value of something; assessment.

evening
the period of time at the end of the day, usually from about 6 p.m. to bedtime.

event
a thing that happens or takes place, especially one of importance.

ever
at any time.

executive
the branch of a government responsible for putting decisions or laws into effect.
relating to or having the power to put plans or actions into effect.
a person with senior managerial responsibility in a business.

exercise
the use or application of a faculty, right, or process.
use or apply (a faculty, right, or process).
engage in physical activity to sustain or improve health and fitness.
an activity carried out for a specific purpose.
occupy the thoughts of; worry or perplex.
activity requiring physical effort, carried out to sustain or improve health and fitness.

exhibit
publicly display (a work of art or item of interest) in an art gallery or museum or at a trade fair.
manifest clearly (a quality or a type of behaviour).
an object or collection of objects on public display in an art gallery or museum or at a trade fair.

exhibition
a display or demonstration of a skill.
(in sport) a game whose outcome does not affect a team's standing, typically one played before the start of a regular season.
a public display of works of art or items of interest, held in an art gallery or museum or at a trade fair.

exist
live, especially under adverse conditions.
have objective reality or being.

existence
the fact or state of living or having objective reality.

existing
in existence or operation at the current time.
have objective reality or being.
live, especially under adverse conditions.

exit
go out of or leave a place.
an act of leaving a place.
a way out of a building, room, or passenger vehicle.

exotic
originating in or characteristic of a distant foreign country.
an exotic plant or animal.

expand
become or make larger or more extensive.

expansion
the action of becoming larger or more extensive.

expect
regard (something) as likely to happen.

expectation
a strong belief that something will happen or be the case.

expected
regard (something) as likely to happen.

expedition
a journey undertaken by a group of people with a particular purpose, especially that of exploration, research, or war.

expense
the cost incurred in or required for something.
offset (an item of expenditure) as an expense against taxable income.

expensive
costing a lot of money.

experiment
a scientific procedure undertaken to make a discovery, test a hypothesis, or demonstrate a known fact.
perform a scientific procedure, especially in a laboratory, to determine something.

experimental
(of a new invention or product) based on untested ideas or techniques and not yet established or finalized.
(of art or an artistic technique) involving a radically new and innovative style.

expert
a person who is very knowledgeable about or skilful in a particular area.
having or involving a great deal of knowledge or skill in a particular area.

expertise
expert skill or knowledge in a particular field.
give an expert opinion on something.

explain
make (an idea or situation) clear to someone by describing it in more detail or revealing relevant facts.

explanation
a statement or account that makes something clear.

explicit
the closing words of a manuscript, early printed book, or chanted liturgical text.
stated clearly and in detail, leaving no room for confusion or doubt.

explode
burst or shatter violently and noisily as a result of rapid combustion, excessive internal pressure, or other process.
(of a violent emotion or a situation) arise or develop suddenly.
increase suddenly in size, number, or extent.
show (a belief or theory) to be false or unfounded.

exploit
make full use of and derive benefit from (a resource).
make use of (a situation) in a way considered unfair or underhand.
a bold or daring feat.
a software tool designed to take advantage of a flaw in a computer system, typically for malicious purposes such as installing malware.

exploration
the action of exploring an unfamiliar area.
thorough examination of a subject.

explore
travel through (an unfamiliar area) in order to learn about it.
inquire into or discuss (a subject) in detail.
examine by touch.

explosion
a sudden outburst of something such as violent emotion, especially anger.
a sudden increase in amount or extent.
a violent shattering or blowing apart of something, as is caused by a bomb.

export
send (goods or services) to another country for sale.
a product or service sold abroad.

fair
treating people equally without favouritism or discrimination.
(of hair or complexion) light; blonde.
considerable though not outstanding in size or amount.
(of weather) fine and dry.
without cheating or trying to achieve unjust advantage.
a beautiful woman.
(of the weather) become fine.
a gathering of stalls and amusements for public entertainment.
a periodic gathering for the sale of goods.
streamline (a vehicle, boat, or aircraft) by adding fairings.

fairly
with justice.
to a moderately high degree.

fall
move from a higher to a lower level, typically rapidly and without control.
(of a person) lose one's balance and collapse.
decrease in number, amount, intensity, or quality.
be captured or defeated.
pass into a specified state, situation, or position.
be classified in the way specified.

fame
the state of being known by many people.

familiar
a close friend or associate.
(in the Roman Catholic Church) a person rendering certain services in a pope's or bishop's household.
well known from long or close association.
in close friendship; intimate.
a demon supposedly attending and obeying a witch, often said to assume the form of an animal.

family
a group consisting of two parents and their children living together as a unit.
all the descendants of a common ancestor.
a group of related things.

famous
known about by many people.

fan
an apparatus with rotating blades that creates a current of air for cooling or ventilation.
a member of a people inhabiting parts of Cameroon, Equatorial Guinea, and Gabon.
the Bantu language of the Fang, with over 500,000 speakers.
relating to the Fang or their language.
cool (someone or something) by waving an object to create a current of air.
increase the strength of (a fire) by blowing on it or stirring up the air near it.
disperse or radiate from a central point to cover a wide area.
a person who has a strong interest in or admiration for a particular person or thing.
a handheld device, typically folding and shaped like a segment of a circle when spread out, that is waved so as to cool the person holding it.

fantastic
imaginative or fanciful; remote from reality.

fantasy
the faculty or activity of imagining impossible or improbable things.

fare
the money paid for a journey on public transport.
a range of food of a particular type.
perform in a specified way in a particular situation or over a particular period.

farm
make one's living by growing crops or keeping livestock.
send out or subcontract work to others.
an area of land and its buildings, used for growing crops and rearing animals.

farmer
a person who owns or manages a farm.

fascinating
extremely interesting.
attract the strong attention and interest of (someone).

fast
moving or capable of moving at high speed.
(of a clock or watch) showing a time ahead of the correct time.

faster
moving or capable of moving at high speed.
(of a clock or watch) showing a time ahead of the correct time.

fat
a natural oily substance occurring in animal bodies, especially when deposited as a layer under the skin or around certain organs.

favor
approval, support, or liking for someone or something.
an act of kindness beyond what is due or usual.
a small inexpensive gift given to guests at a party.

favorite
preferred to all others of the same kind.
a person or thing that is preferred to all others of the same kind or is especially well liked.
record the address of (a website or other data) to enable quick access in future.

feather
rotate the blades of (a propeller) about their own axes in such a way as to lessen the air or water resistance.
any of the flat appendages growing from a bird's skin and forming its plumage, consisting of a partly hollow horny shaft fringed with vanes of barbs.

feature
a newspaper or magazine article or a broadcast programme devoted to the treatment of a particular topic, typically at length.
a distinctive attribute or aspect of something.

federal
having or relating to a system of government in which several states form a unity but remain independent in internal affairs.

fee
a payment made to a professional person or to a professional or public body in exchange for advice or services.

feed
give food to.
supply with material or power.
cause to pass gradually and steadily, typically through a confined space.

feedback
information about reactions to a product, a person's performance of a task, etc. which is used as a basis for improvement.

feel
be aware of (a person or object) through touching or being touched.
experience (an emotion or sensation).
have a belief or impression, especially without an identifiable reason.
an act of touching something to examine it.
a sensation given by an object or material when touched.

female
of or denoting the sex that can bear offspring or produce eggs, distinguished biologically by the production of gametes (ova) which can be fertilized by male gametes.
a female person, animal, or plant.

feminist
a person who supports feminism.

fence
a guard or guide on a plane, saw, or other tool.
a barrier, railing, or other upright structure, typically of wood or wire, enclosing an area of ground to prevent or control access or escape.

festival
a day or period of celebration, typically for religious reasons.
an organized series of concerts, plays, or films, typically one held annually in the same place.

fiscal
relating to government revenue, especially taxes.

fisherman
a person who catches fish for a living or for sport.

fist
strike with the fist.
clench (the hand or fingers) into a fist.
a person's hand when the fingers are bent in towards the palm and held there tightly, typically in order to strike a blow or grasp something.

fit
a section of a poem.
of a suitable quality, standard, or type to meet the required purpose.
in good health, especially because of regular physical exercise.
be of the right shape and size for.
install or fix (something) into place.
be compatible or in agreement with; match.
the particular way in which something, especially a garment or component, fits.
a sudden attack of convulsions and/or loss of consciousness, typical of epilepsy and some other medical conditions.
have an epileptic fit.
a sudden short period of uncontrollable coughing, laughter, etc.

fitness
the condition of being physically fit and healthy.
the quality of being suitable to fulfil a particular role or task.

five
equivalent to the sum of two and three; one more than four, or half of ten; 5.

fix
fasten (something) securely in a particular place or position.
decide or settle on (a specific price, date, course of action, etc.).
mend or repair.
make arrangements for (something); organize.
make (a dye, photographic image, or drawing) permanent.
a position determined by visual or radio bearings or astronomical observations.
a measure taken to resolve a problem or correct a mistake; a solution or remedy.

fixed
fastened securely in position.
(especially of a price, rate, or time) predetermined and not able to be changed.
(of a sports contest) having the outcome dishonestly predetermined.
fasten (something) securely in a particular place or position.
decide or settle on (a specific price, date, course of action, etc.).
mend or repair.
make arrangements for (something); organize.
make (a dye, photographic image, or drawing) permanent.

flag
a small piece of cloth attached at one edge to a pole and used as a marker or signal in various sports.
a piece of cloth or similar material, typically oblong or square, attachable by one edge to a pole or rope and used as the symbol or emblem of a country or institution or as a decoration during public festivities.

flame
a hot glowing body of ignited gas that is generated by something on fire.

flash
display (information or an image) suddenly on a television or computer screen or electronic sign, typically briefly or repeatedly.
a sudden or brief manifestation or occurrence of something.
shine in a bright but brief, sudden, or intermittent way.
move or pass very quickly.
a camera attachment that produces a brief very bright light, used for taking photographs in poor light.
a sudden brief burst of bright light.

flat
an upright section of stage scenery mounted on a movable frame.
a musical note lowered a semitone below natural pitch.
parsley of a variety with large flat leaves, popular in southern Europe.
having a level surface; without raised areas or indentations.
lacking emotion; dull and lifeless.
(of a sparkling drink) having lost its effervescence.
(of a fee, wage, or price) the same in all cases, not varying with changed conditions or in particular cases.
(of musical sound) below true or normal pitch.
relating to flat racing.
in or to a horizontal position.
below the true or normal pitch of musical sound.
the flat part of something.
a set of rooms forming an individual residence, typically on one floor and within a larger building containing a number of such residences.
live in or share a flat.

flavor
the distinctive taste of a food or drink.
an indication of the essential character of something.
a kind, variety, or sort.

flee
run away from a place or situation of danger.

fleet
fast and nimble in movement.
a group of ships sailing together, engaged in the same activity, or under the same ownership.

flesh
the soft substance consisting of muscle and fat that is found between the skin and bones of a human or an animal.
put weight on.
stimulate (a hound or hawk) to hunt by feeding it a piece of flesh from a recently killed animal.

flexibility
the quality of bending easily without breaking.

flood
(of a woman) experience a uterine haemorrhage.
an outpouring of tears.
cover or submerge (an area) with water in a flood.
fill or suffuse completely.
arrive in overwhelming amounts or quantities.
an overflow of a large amount of water beyond its normal limits, especially over what is normally dry land.

floor
all the rooms or areas on the same level of a building; a storey.
(in a legislative assembly) the part of the house in which members sit and from which they speak.
the lower surface of a room, on which one may walk.

flour
a powder obtained by grinding grain, typically wheat, and used to make bread, cakes, and pastry.

flow
(of a solid) undergo a permanent change of shape under stress, without melting.
the gradual permanent deformation of a solid under stress, without melting.
(of a liquid, gas, or electricity) move steadily and continuously in a current or stream.
go from one place to another in a steady stream, typically in large numbers.
the action or fact of moving along in a steady, continuous stream.
a steady, continuous stream or supply of something.

flower
the finest individuals out of a number of people or things.
(of a plant) produce flowers; bloom.
the seed-bearing part of a plant, consisting of reproductive organs (stamens and carpels) that are typically surrounded by a brightly coloured corolla (petals) and a green calyx (sepals).

fluid
(of a clutch or coupling) using a liquid to transmit power.
a substance that has no fixed shape and yields easily to external pressure; a gas or (especially) a liquid.
(of a substance) able to flow easily.

fly
an opening at the crotch of a pair of trousers, closed with a zip or buttons and typically covered with a flap.
the space over the stage in a theatre.
(of a bird, bat, or insect) move through the air using wings.
move or be hurled quickly through the air.
wave or flutter in the wind.
go or move quickly.
a flying insect of a large order characterized by a single pair of transparent wings and sucking (and often also piercing) mouthparts. Flies are of great importance as vectors of disease.

flying
moving or able to move through the air with wings.
flight, especially in an aircraft.

focus
the centre of interest or activity.
the state or quality of having or producing clear visual definition.

fog
a thick cloud of tiny water droplets suspended in the atmosphere at or near the earth's surface which obscures or restricts visibility (to a greater extent than mist; strictly, reducing visibility to below 1 km).
spray with an insecticide.
a state or cause of perplexity or confusion.
(with reference to a glass surface) cover or become covered with steam.
bewilder or puzzle.

fold
bend (something flexible and relatively flat) over on itself so that one part of it covers another.
cover or wrap something in (a soft or flexible material).
a form or shape produced by the gentle draping of a loose, full garment or piece of cloth.

folk
folk music.

follow
go or come after (a person or thing proceeding ahead); move or travel behind.
come after in time or order.
act according to (an instruction or precept).
pay close attention to.
practise (a trade or profession).

foster
bring up (a child that is not one's own by birth).
denoting someone that has a specified family connection through fostering.
encourage the development of (something, especially something desirable).

found
having been discovered by chance or unexpectedly.

foundation
the lowest load-bearing part of a building, typically below ground level.
an underlying basis or principle.
the action of establishing an institution or organization.

founder
laminitis in horses, ponies, or other hoofed animals.
a person who establishes an institution or settlement.
(of a ship) fill with water and sink.
(of a horse or its rider) stumble or fall from exhaustion, lameness, etc.
a person who manufactures articles of cast metal; the owner or operator of a foundry.

four
equivalent to the product of two and two; one more than three, or six less than ten; 4.

fourth
constituting number four in a sequence; 4th.

fraction
a numerical quantity that is not a whole number (e.g. 1/2, 0.5).

fragile
(of an object) easily broken or damaged.

fragment
a small part broken off or separated from something.
break or cause to break into fragments.

frame
a basic structure that underlies or supports a system, concept, or text.
a person's body with reference to its size or build.
a rigid structure that surrounds something such as a picture, door, or windowpane.

framework
an essential supporting structure of a building, vehicle, or object.

franchise
the right to vote in public elections.
grant a franchise to (an individual or group).
an authorization granted by a government or company to an individual or group enabling them to carry out specified commercial activities, for example acting as an agent for a company's products.

frankly
in an open, honest, and direct manner.

fraud
wrongful or criminal deception intended to result in financial or personal gain.

free
(of literature or music) not observing the normal conventions of style or form.
able to act or be done as one wishes; not under the control of another.
not or no longer confined or imprisoned.
not subject to engagements or obligations.
not subject to or affected by (something undesirable).
given or available without charge.
using or expending something without restraint; lavish.
without cost or payment.
release from confinement or slavery.
remove something undesirable or restrictive from.
make available for a particular purpose.
free of or from.

freedom
the power or right to act, speak, or think as one wants.
the state of not being imprisoned or enslaved.
the state of not being subject to or affected by (something undesirable).

freely
not under the control of another; as one wishes.
in copious or generous amounts.

French
relating to France or its people or language.

frequent
occurring or done many times at short intervals.
visit (a place) often.

frequently
regularly or habitually; often.

freshman
a first-year student at university.

friend
a member of the Religious Society of Friends; a Quaker.
a person with whom one has a bond of mutual affection, typically one exclusive of sexual or family relations.

friendly
kind and pleasant.
denoting something that is adapted for or is not harmful to a specified thing.
favourable or serviceable.
a game or match that does not form part of a serious competition.

friendship
the emotions or conduct of friends; the state of being friends.

from
indicating the point in space at which a journey, motion, or action starts.

frontier
a line or border separating two countries.

frown
a facial expression or look characterized by a furrowing of one's brows.
furrow one's brows in an expression indicating disapproval, displeasure, or concentration.

fruit
the sweet and fleshy product of a tree or other plant that contains seed and can be eaten as food.

frustrate
frustrated.
prevent (a plan or attempted action) from progressing, succeeding, or being fulfilled.
cause (someone) to feel upset or annoyed as a result of being unable to change or achieve something.

fully
forming adverbs corresponding to adjectives ending in <i>-ful</i> (such as <i>sorrowfully</i> corresponding to <i>sorrowful</i> ).
completely or entirely; to the fullest extent.
no less or fewer than (used to emphasize an amount).

fun
amusing, entertaining, or enjoyable.
joke or tease.
enjoyment, amusement, or light-hearted pleasure.

function
work or operate in a proper or particular way.
a large or formal social event or ceremony.
a thing dependent on another factor or factors.
an activity that is natural to or the purpose of a person or thing.

functional
in operation; working.
designed to be practical and useful, rather than attractive.
of or having a special activity, purpose, or task.

fund
a sum of money saved or made available for a particular purpose.
provide with money for a particular purpose.

fundamental
a central or primary rule or principle on which something is based.
forming a necessary base or core; of central importance.

funding
money provided, especially by an organization or government, for a particular purpose.

funeral
a ceremony or service held shortly after a person's death, usually including the person's burial or cremation.

funny
causing laughter or amusement; humorous.
difficult to explain or understand; strange or curious.

fur
the short, fine, soft hair of certain animals.

furniture
the movable articles that are used to make a room or building suitable for living or working in, such as tables, chairs, or desks.
the small accessories or fittings that are required for a particular task or function.

furthermore
in addition; besides (used to introduce a fresh consideration in an argument).

future
contracts for assets (especially commodities or shares) bought at agreed prices but delivered and paid for later.
a period of time following the moment of speaking or writing; time regarded as still to come.

gain
obtain or secure (something wanted or desirable).
reach or arrive at (a destination).
increase the amount or rate of (something, typically weight or speed).
an increase in wealth or resources.
the factor by which power or voltage is increased in an amplifier or other electronic device, usually expressed as a logarithm.

galaxy
a system of millions or billions of stars, together with gas and dust, held together by gravitational attraction.

gallery
a room or building for the display or sale of works of art.
a balcony or upper floor projecting from an interior back or side wall of a hall or church, providing space for an audience or musicians.
a long room or passage, typically one that is partly open at the side to form a portico or colonnade.

game
an activity that one engages in for amusement.
a complete episode or period of play, ending in a final result.
a form of competitive activity or sport played according to rules.

gang
an organized group of criminals.
(of a number of people) form a group or gang.
arrange (electrical devices or machines) together to work in coordination.
go; proceed.
a set of switches, sockets, or other electrical or mechanical devices grouped together.

gap
a break or hole in an object or between two objects.
a space or interval; a break in continuity.

garage
a style of unpolished, energetic rock music associated with suburban amateur bands.
a building for housing a motor vehicle or vehicles.

garbage
rubbish or waste, especially domestic refuse.

gas
an air-like fluid substance which expands freely to fill any space available, irrespective of its quantity.

gate
the number of people who pay to enter a sports ground for an event.
a hinged barrier used to close an opening in a wall, fence, or hedge.

gather
come together; assemble or accumulate.
bring together and take in from scattered places or sources.
increase in (speed, force, etc.).
a part of a garment that is gathered.
pull (someone) into one's arms.
draw and hold together (fabric or a part of a garment) by running thread through it.
infer; understand.
summon up (a mental or physical attribute) for a purpose.

gathering
a group of leaves taken together, one inside another, in binding a book.
an assembly or meeting, especially one held for a specific purpose.
come together; assemble or accumulate.
bring together and take in from scattered places or sources.
increase in (speed, force, etc.).
infer; understand.
summon up (a mental or physical attribute) for a purpose.
pull (someone) into one's arms.
draw and hold together (fabric or a part of a garment) by running thread through it.

gay
(of a person, especially a man) homosexual.

gaze
look steadily and intently, especially in admiration, surprise, or thought.
a steady intent look.

gear
a toothed wheel that works with others to alter the relation between the speed of a driving mechanism (such as the engine of a vehicle) and the speed of the driven parts (the wheels).
equipment or apparatus that is used for a particular purpose.
design or adjust the gears in a machine to give a specified speed or power output.

gender
the state of being male or female (typically used with reference to social and cultural differences rather than biological ones).

glad
a gladiolus.
make happy; please.
feeling pleasure or happiness.

glance
take a brief or hurried look.
hit something at an angle and bounce off obliquely.
a brief or hurried look.

glass
a drinking container made from glass.
a hard, brittle substance, typically transparent or translucent, made by fusing sand with soda and lime and cooling rapidly. It is used to make windows, drinking containers, and other articles.

glimpse
a momentary or partial view.
see or perceive briefly or partially.

global
relating to the whole world; worldwide.
relating to or encompassing the whole of something, or of a group of things.

globe
the earth.
a spherical or rounded object.

glory
high renown or honour won by notable achievements.
magnificence or great beauty.
praise, worship, and thanksgiving offered to God.
take great pride or pleasure in.
a luminous ring or halo, especially as depicted around the head of Christ or a saint.

glove
a covering for the hand worn for protection against cold or dirt and typically having separate parts for each finger and the thumb.
(of a wicketkeeper, baseball catcher, etc.) catch, deflect, or touch (the ball) with a gloved hand.

go
leave; depart.
intend or be likely or intended to be or do something (used to express a future tense).
move from one place to another; travel.

goal
(in football, rugby, hockey, and some other games) a pair of posts linked by a crossbar and typically with a net between, forming a space into or over which the ball has to be sent in order to score.

goat
a hardy domesticated ruminant mammal that has backward-curving horns and (in the male) a beard. It is kept for its milk and meat, and noted for its lively behaviour.
a lecherous man.

God
(in Christianity and other monotheistic religions) the creator and ruler of the universe and source of all moral authority; the supreme being.

gold
a yellow precious metal, the chemical element of atomic number 79, used in jewellery and decoration and to guarantee the value of currencies.

golden
coloured or shining like gold.
made or consisting of gold.

golf
a game played on a large open-air course, in which a small hard ball is struck with a club into a series of small holes in the ground, the object being to use the fewest possible strokes to complete the course.

good
to be desired or approved of.
having the required qualities; of a high standard.
possessing or displaying moral virtue.
giving pleasure; enjoyable or satisfying.
thorough.
valid.
that which is morally right; righteousness.
benefit or advantage to someone or something.
merchandise or possessions.
well.
used in conjunction with the name of God or a related expression as an exclamation of extreme surprise or anger.

govern
conduct the policy, actions, and affairs of (a state, organization, or people) with authority.

government
the group of people with the authority to govern a country or state; a particular ministry in office.

governor
a device automatically regulating the supply of fuel, steam, or water to a machine, ensuring uniform motion or limiting speed.
an official appointed to govern a town or region.
the head of a public institution.

grab
a mechanical device for clutching, lifting, and moving things, especially materials in bulk.
grasp or seize suddenly and roughly.
a quick sudden clutch or attempt to seize.

grace
(in Christian belief) the free and unmerited favour of God, as manifested in the salvation of sinners and the bestowal of blessings.
(in Greek mythology) three beautiful goddesses (Aglaia, Thalia, and Euphrosyne) believed to personify and bestow charm, grace, and beauty.
smoothness and elegance of movement.
courteous good will.
a period officially allowed for payment of a sum due or for compliance with a law or condition, especially an extended period granted as a special favour.
bring honour or credit to (someone or something) by one's attendance or participation.
used as forms of description or address for a duke, duchess, or archbishop.
a short prayer of thanks said before or after a meal.

grade
a particular level of rank, quality, proficiency, or value.
a variety of cattle produced by crossing with a superior breed.

gradually
in a gradual way; slowly; by degrees.

graduate
a person who has successfully completed a course of study or training, especially a person who has been awarded an undergraduate or first academic degree.
successfully complete an academic degree, course of training, or <i>(North American)</i> high school.
arrange in a series or according to a scale.
change (something, typically colour or shade) gradually or step by step.

graduation
the receiving or conferring of an academic degree or diploma.

grain
paint (especially furniture or interior surfaces) in imitation of the grain of wood or marble.
remove hair from (a hide).
give a rough surface or texture to.
a single fruit or seed of a cereal.
the longitudinal arrangement or pattern of fibres in wood, paper, etc.
the smallest unit of weight in the troy and avoirdupois systems, equal to 1/5760 of a pound troy and 1/7000 of a pound avoirdupois (approximately 0.0648 gram).
wheat or any other cultivated cereal used as food.

grand
denoting the largest or most important item of its kind.
(in names of family relationships) denoting one generation removed in ascent or descent.
magnificent and imposing in appearance, size, or style.
a grand piano.

grandchild
a child of one's son or daughter.

grandfather
the father of one's father or mother.
exempt (someone or something) from a new law or regulation.

grandmother
the mother of one's father or mother.

growing
(of a living thing) undergo natural development by increasing in size and changing physically.
come into existence and develop.
become larger or greater over a period of time; increase.

growth
something that has grown or is growing.
the process of increasing in size.
a vineyard or crop of grapes of a specified classification of quality, or a wine from it.

guess
estimate or conclude (something) without sufficient information to be sure of being correct.
an estimate or conclusion formed by guessing.

guidance
advice or information aimed at resolving a problem or difficulty, especially as given by someone in authority.
the directing of the motion or position of something, especially an aircraft, spacecraft, or missile.

guideline
a general rule, principle, or piece of advice.

guilt
the fact of having committed a specified or implied offence or crime.

guilty
culpable of or responsible for a specified wrongdoing.

guitar
a stringed musical instrument, with a fretted fingerboard, typically incurved sides, and six or twelve strings, played by plucking or strumming with the fingers or a plectrum.

gym
a gymnasium.

habitat
the natural home or environment of an animal, plant, or other organism.

hall
a building or large room used for meetings, concerts, or other events.
a large room in a mansion or palace used for receptions and banquets.
the room or space just inside the front entrance of a house or flat.

hallway
another term for hall (sense 1 of the noun).

hand
a unit of measurement of a horse's height, equal to 4 inches (10.16 cm).
something resembling a hand in form, in particular:
used in reference to the power to direct something.
the end part of a person's arm beyond the wrist, including the palm, fingers, and thumb.
a pointer on a clock or watch indicating the passing of units of time.
the set of cards dealt to a player in a card game.
a person's workmanship, especially in artistic work.
a person who engages in manual labour, especially in a factory, on a farm, or on board a ship.

handful
a quantity that fills the hand.

handle
feel or manipulate with the hands.
manage (a situation or problem).
drive or control (a vehicle).
the part by which a thing is held, carried, or controlled.
the feel of goods, especially textiles, when handled.

handsome
(of a man) good-looking.
(of a number, sum of money, or margin) substantial.

hang
suspend or be suspended from above with the lower part dangling free.
remain static in the air.
kill (someone) by tying a rope attached from above around their neck and removing the support from beneath them (often used as a form of capital punishment).

happen
take place; occur.
be experienced by (someone); befall.
perhaps; maybe.

happily
in a happy way.

happiness
the state of being happy.

happy
fortunate and convenient.
feeling or showing pleasure or contentment.

harassment
aggressive pressure or intimidation.

hard
(of water) containing mineral salts that make lathering difficult.
a road leading down across a foreshore.
solid, firm, and rigid; not easily broken, bent, or pierced.
done with a great deal of force or strength.
requiring a great deal of endurance or effort.
(of information) reliable, especially because based on something true or substantiated.
very potent, powerful, or intense, in particular:
with a great deal of effort.
so as to be solid or firm.
to the fullest extent possible.
(of a consonant) pronounced as a velar plosive (as c in cat, g in go ).

hardly
scarcely (used to qualify a statement by saying that it is true to an insignificant degree).

hardware
tools, machinery, and other durable equipment.
the machines, wiring, and other physical components of a computer or other electronic system.

harm
physical injury, especially that which is deliberately inflicted.
physically injure.

harmony
the combination of simultaneously sounded musical notes to produce a pleasing effect.
an arrangement of the four Gospels, or of any parallel narratives, which presents a single continuous narrative text.

harsh
unpleasantly rough or jarring to the senses.
cruel or severe.

harvest
the process or period of gathering in crops.
gather (a crop) as a harvest.

hat
a shaped covering for the head worn for warmth, as a fashion item, or as part of a uniform.

healthy
in a good physical or mental condition; in good health.

hear
perceive with the ear the sound made by (someone or something).
be told or informed of.
will or would not allow or agree to.

hearing
the faculty of perceiving sounds.
an opportunity to state one's case.
perceive with the ear the sound made by (someone or something).
be told or informed of.
will or would not allow or agree to.

heart
a conventional representation of a heart with two equal curves meeting at a point at the bottom and a cusp at the top.
the central or innermost part of something.
a hollow muscular organ that pumps the blood through the circulatory system by rhythmic contraction and dilation. In vertebrates there may be up to four chambers (as in humans), with two atria and two ventricles.

heat
the quality of being hot; high temperature.
intensity of feeling, especially of anger or excitement.
a preliminary round in a race or contest.
make or become hot or warm.

heaven
a place regarded in various religions as the abode of God (or the gods) and the angels, and of the good after death, often traditionally depicted as being above the sky.

heavily
to a great degree; in large amounts.
with a lot of force or effort; with weight.

heavy
of great weight; difficult to lift or move.
of great density; thick or substantial.
of more than the usual size, amount, or intensity.
striking or falling with force.
needing much physical effort.
very important or serious.
heavily.

heel
the part of the palm of the hand next to the wrist.
the back part of the human foot below the ankle.

height
the measurement of someone or something from head to foot or from base to top.

helicopter
a type of aircraft which derives both lift and propulsion from one or more sets of horizontally revolving overhead rotors. It is capable of moving vertically and horizontally, the direction of motion being controlled by the pitch of the rotor blades.

hell
used for emphasis or to express anger, contempt, or surprise.
a place regarded in various religions as a spiritual realm of evil and suffering, often traditionally depicted as a place of perpetual fire beneath the earth where the wicked are punished after death.

hello
used as a greeting or to begin a telephone conversation.
an utterance of hello; a greeting.
say or shout hello

helmet
a hard or padded protective hat, various types of which are worn by soldiers, police officers, motorcyclists, sports players, and others.

help
make it easier or possible for (someone) to do something by offering them one's services or resources.
serve someone with (food or drink).
cannot or could not avoid.
the action of helping someone to do something.
used as an appeal for urgent assistance.

helpful
giving or ready to give help.

hence
from now (used after a period of time).
as a consequence; for this reason.

her
used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a female person or animal previously mentioned or easily identified.

herb
any plant with leaves, seeds, or flowers used for flavouring, food, medicine, or perfume.

here
in, at, or to this place or position.
used when introducing something or someone.

heritage
property that is or may be inherited; an inheritance.

hero
a person, typically a man, who is admired for their courage, outstanding achievements, or noble qualities.

hers
used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with a female person or animal previously mentioned.

herself
used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a female person or animal previously mentioned as the subject of the clause.

hesitate
pause in indecision before saying or doing something.

hey
used to attract attention, to express surprise, interest, or annoyance, or to elicit agreement.

hi
used as a friendly greeting or to attract attention.

hidden
kept out of sight; concealed.
put or keep out of sight.

hide
a camouflaged shelter used to observe wildlife at close quarters.
put or keep out of sight.

high
of great vertical extent.
great, or greater than normal, in quantity, size, or intensity.
great in rank, status, or importance.
(of a sound or note) having a frequency at the upper end of the auditory range.
(especially of food) unpleasantly strong-smelling because beginning to go bad.
a high point, level, or figure.
a notably happy or successful moment.
top gear in a motor vehicle.
highly.
(of a sound) at or to a high pitch.
at or to a considerable or specified height.

hill
a naturally raised area of land, not as high or craggy as a mountain.
form (something) into a heap.

him
used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a male person or animal previously mentioned or easily identified.

himself
used as the object of a verb or preposition to refer to a male person or animal previously mentioned as the subject of the clause.

hint
a slight or indirect indication or suggestion.
a small piece of practical information or advice.
suggest or indicate something indirectly or covertly.

hip
(formerly in the UK) a set of information about a house or flat that a seller must provide to a potential buyer.
the sharp edge of a roof from the ridge to the eaves where the two sides meet.
very fashionable.
aware of or informed about.
introducing a communal cheer.
the fruit of a rose, especially a wild kind.
a projection of the pelvis and upper thigh bone on each side of the body in human beings and quadrupeds.

hire
employ (someone) for wages.
the action of hiring someone or something.

his
belonging to or associated with a male person or animal previously mentioned or easily identified.

Hispanic
relating to Spain or to Spanish-speaking countries, especially those of Central and South America.

historian
an expert in or student of history, especially that of a particular period, geographical region, or social phenomenon.

historic
famous or important in history, or potentially so.

historical
of or concerning history or past events.

historically
with reference to past events.

history
the study of past events, particularly in human affairs.
the whole series of past events connected with a particular person or thing.
a continuous, typically chronological, record of important or public events or of a particular trend or institution.

hit
a successful venture, especially a film, pop record, or song.
bring one's hand or a tool or weapon into contact with (someone or something) quickly and forcefully.
cause harm or distress to.
(of a missile or a person aiming one) strike (a target).
propel (a ball) with a bat, racket, stick, etc. to score runs or points in a game.
an instance of striking or being struck.
an instance of striking the target aimed at.

hockey
a team game played between two teams of eleven players each, using hooked sticks with which the players try to drive a small hard ball towards goals at opposite ends of a field. In North America it is called <i>field hockey</i> to distinguish it from <i>ice hockey</i>.

hole
a hollow place in a solid body or surface.
a place or position that needs to be filled because someone or something is no longer there.
make a hole or holes in.

holiday
an extended period of leisure and recreation, especially one spent away from home or in travelling.
a short period during which the payment of instalments, tax, etc. may be suspended.
spend a holiday in a specified place.

homeland
a person's or a people's native land.

homeless
(of a person) without a home, and therefore typically living on the streets.

homework
schoolwork that a pupil is required to do at home.

honest
free of deceit; truthful and sincere.
used to persuade someone of the truth of something.

honestly
in a truthful, fair, or honourable way.
used to emphasize the sincerity of an opinion or feeling.

honey
a sweet, sticky yellowish-brown fluid made by bees and other insects from nectar collected from flowers.

hope
a feeling of expectation and desire for a particular thing to happen.

hopefully
in a hopeful manner.

horizon
the line at which the earth's surface and the sky appear to meet.
the limit of a person's knowledge, experience, or interest.

hormone
a regulatory substance produced in an organism and transported in tissue fluids such as blood or sap to stimulate specific cells or tissues into action.

horn
a hard permanent outgrowth, often curved and pointed, found in pairs on the heads of cattle, sheep, goats, giraffes, etc. and consisting of a core of bone encased in keratinized skin.

horrible
causing or likely to cause horror; shocking.

horror
an intense feeling of fear, shock, or disgust.

house
a building for human habitation, especially one that consists of a ground floor and one or more upper storeys.
(of an animal or plant) kept in, frequenting, or infesting buildings.
relating to a firm, institution, or society.
provide with shelter or accommodation.
provide space for; contain or accommodate.
a legislative or deliberative assembly.
a religious community that occupies a particular building.
a building in which people meet for a particular activity.
a style of electronic dance music typically having sparse, repetitive vocals and a fast beat.

how
in what way or manner; by what means.

however
used to introduce a statement that contrasts with or seems to contradict something that has been said previously.
in whatever way; regardless of how.

hug
squeeze (someone) tightly in one's arms, typically to express affection.
an act of hugging someone.

huge
extremely large; enormous.

huh
used to express scorn, anger, or surprise.

human
relating to or characteristic of humankind.
a human being.

humanity
learning concerned with human culture, especially literature, history, art, music, and philosophy.
human beings collectively.
the quality of being humane; benevolence.

humor
the quality of being amusing or comic, especially as expressed in literature or speech.
a mood or state of mind.

hundred
the number equivalent to the product of ten and ten; ten more than ninety; 100.
a subdivision of a county or shire, having its own court.

hunt
(in change-ringing) move the place of a bell in a simple progression.
an oscillating motion about a desired speed, position, or state.
pursue and kill (a wild animal) for sport or food.
search determinedly for someone or something.
an act of hunting wild animals or game.
a search.
(of a device or system) oscillate about a desired speed, position, or state.

hurricane
a storm with a violent wind, in particular a tropical cyclone in the Caribbean.

hurry
move or act with great haste.
great haste.

hurt
cause pain or injury to.
be detrimental to.
physical injury; harm.

husband
a married man considered in relation to his spouse.
use (resources) economically.

hypothesis
a supposition or proposed explanation made on the basis of limited evidence as a starting point for further investigation.

I
the ninth letter of the alphabet.

icon
a person or thing regarded as a representative symbol or as worthy of veneration.
a devotional painting of Christ or another holy figure, typically executed on wood and used ceremonially in the Byzantine and other Eastern Churches.

ideal
satisfying one's conception of what is perfect; most suitable.
existing only in the imagination; desirable or perfect but not likely to become a reality.
a person or thing regarded as perfect.

identical
similar in every detail; exactly alike.

identity
the fact of being who or what a person or thing is.
a close similarity or affinity.

ideological
Ideological is an adjective that describes political, cultural, or religious beliefs. An ideology is a body of ideas, and those who agree with the main idea of something take an ideological stand to support it.

ideology
a system of ideas and ideals, especially one which forms the basis of economic or political theory and policy.

ill
Illinois.
a problem or misfortune.
suffering from an illness or disease or feeling unwell.
poor in quality.
badly, wrongly, or imperfectly.
only with difficulty; hardly.

illusion
an instance of a wrong or misinterpreted perception of a sensory experience.

illustrate
serve as an example of.
provide (a book, newspaper, etc.) with pictures.

image
a representation of the external form of a person or thing in art.
the general impression that a person, organization, or product presents to the public.
a simile or metaphor.
make a representation of the external form of.

imagination
the faculty or action of forming new ideas, or images or concepts of external objects not present to the senses.

imagine
form a mental image or concept of.
suppose or assume.

immediate
occurring or done at once; instant.
nearest in time, relationship, or rank.

important
of great significance or value.

importantly
used to emphasize a significant point.

impose
take advantage of someone by demanding their attention or commitment.
force (an unwelcome decision or ruling) on someone.

impress
make (someone) feel admiration and respect.
make a mark or design on (an object) using a stamp or seal.
fix an idea in the mind of (someone).

impression
an imitation of a person or thing, done to entertain.
a mark impressed on a surface.
an instance of a pop-up or other Web advertisement being seen on an Internet user's monitor.
the printing of a number of copies of a book, periodical, or picture for issue at one time.
an idea, feeling, or opinion about something or someone, especially one formed without conscious thought or on the basis of little evidence.
a graphic or pictorial representation of someone or something.

improve
make or become better.

improved
make or become better.

impulse
something that causes something to happen or happen more quickly; an impetus.
a pulse of electrical energy; a brief current.
a sudden strong and unreflective urge or desire to act.

in
the chemical element of atomic number 49, a soft silvery-white metal occurring naturally in association with zinc and some other metals.

incentive
a thing that motivates or encourages someone to do something.

incorporate
take in or contain (something) as part of a whole; include.
constitute (a company, city, or other organization) as a legal corporation.

incredible
impossible to believe.
difficult to believe; extraordinary.

incredibly
to a great degree; extremely.
used to introduce a statement that is hard to believe; strangely.

indeed
used to emphasize a statement or response confirming something already suggested.
used to introduce a further and stronger or more surprising point.
used in a response to express interest, surprise, or contempt.

index
a sign or measure of something.
record (names, subjects, etc.) in an index.
link the value of (prices, wages, or other payments) automatically to the value of a price index.
(of a machine or part of one) move from one predetermined position to another in order to carry out a sequence of operations.
(in a book or set of books) an alphabetical list of names, subjects, etc. with reference to the pages on which they are mentioned.
a pointer on an instrument, showing a quantity, a position on a scale, etc.

indicate
point out; show.
suggest as a desirable or necessary course of action.

indication
a sign or piece of information that indicates something.
a symptom that suggests certain medical treatment is necessary.

indigenous
originating or occurring naturally in a particular place; native.

industry
economic activity concerned with the processing of raw materials and manufacture of goods in factories.
hard work.

inevitable
a situation that is unavoidable.
certain to happen; unavoidable.

infant
a very young child or baby.

infection
the process of infecting or the state of being infected.

inflation
the action of inflating something or the condition of being inflated.

informal
having a relaxed, friendly, or unofficial style, manner, or nature.
denoting the grammatical structures, vocabulary, and idiom suitable to everyday language and conversation rather than to official or formal contexts.
(of economic activity) carried on by self-employed or independent people on a small scale, especially unofficially or illegally.

ingredient
any of the foods or substances that are combined to make a particular dish.

initial
existing or occurring at the beginning.
the first letter of a name or word, typically a person's given name or a word forming part of a phrase.
mark or sign (a document) with one's initials in order to authorize or validate it.

initially
at first.

initiate
cause (a process or action) to begin.
admit (someone) into a secret or obscure society or group, typically with a ritual.
a person who has been initiated into an organization or activity.

initiative
(especially in Switzerland and some US states) the right of citizens outside the legislature to originate legislation.
the ability to assess and initiate things independently.
the power or opportunity to act or take charge before others do.
an act or strategy intended to resolve a difficulty or improve a situation; a fresh approach to something.

injure
do physical harm or damage to (someone).
harm or impair (something).

insert
place, fit, or push (something) into something else.

inside
situated within the confines of (something).
known or done by someone within a group or organization.
the inner side or surface of something.
the inner part; the interior.
situated on or in the inside.
in less than (the period of time specified).

insight
the capacity to gain an accurate and deep understanding of someone or something.

inspection
careful examination or scrutiny.

inspector
a police officer ranking below a chief inspector.
an official employed to ensure that official regulations are obeyed, especially in public services.

inspiration
the process of being mentally stimulated to do or feel something, especially to do something creative.
a sudden brilliant or timely idea.
the drawing in of breath; inhalation.

inspire
fill (someone) with the urge or ability to do or feel something, especially to do something creative.
breathe in (air); inhale.

installation
the action of installing someone or something, or the state of being installed.
a large piece of equipment installed for use.

instance
cite (a fact, case, etc.) as an example.
an example or single occurrence of something.

instantly
at once; immediately.

institutional
(of advertising) intended to create prestige rather than immediate sales.
of, in, or like an institution or institutions.

instrument
a means of pursuing an aim.
a formal or legal document.
equip (something) with measuring instruments.
a tool or implement, especially one for precision work.
an object or device for producing musical sounds.
a measuring device used to gauge the level, position, speed, etc. of something, especially a motor vehicle or aircraft.

insurance
a thing providing protection against a possible eventuality.
an arrangement by which a company or the state undertakes to provide a guarantee of compensation for specified loss, damage, illness, or death in return for payment of a specified premium.

intact
not damaged or impaired in any way; complete.

integration
the action or process of integrating.
Psychology

intellectual
relating to the intellect.
a person possessing a highly developed intellect.

intelligent
having or showing intelligence, especially of a high level.

intend
have (a course of action) as one's purpose or intention; plan.
design or destine something for a particular purpose.

intent
intention or purpose.
determined to do (something).
(of a look or expression) showing earnest and eager attention.

intention
a thing intended; an aim or plan.

interact
act in such a way as to have an effect on each other.

interaction
reciprocal action or influence.

interest
the feeling of wanting to know or learn about something or someone.
money paid regularly at a particular rate for the use of money lent, or for delaying the repayment of a debt.
the advantage or benefit of a person or group.
a stake or involvement in an undertaking, especially a financial one.
a group or organization having a common concern, especially in politics or business.
excite the curiosity or attention of (someone).

interested
having an interest or involvement; not impartial.
excite the curiosity or attention of (someone).
showing curiosity or concern about something or someone; having a feeling of interest.

interfere
prevent (a process or activity) from continuing or being carried out properly.
intervene in a situation without invitation or necessity.

interpretation
the action of explaining the meaning of something.

interrupt
stop the continuous progress of (an activity or process).
break the continuity of (a line or surface).

interval
the difference in pitch between two sounds.
an intervening time.
a pause or break in activity.
a space between two things; a gap.

intervention
the action or process of intervening.

invention
the action of inventing something, typically a process or device.

inventory
make a complete list of.
a complete list of items such as property, goods in stock, or the contents of a building.

invest
put (money) into financial schemes, shares, property, or a commercial venture with the expectation of achieving a profit.
provide or endow someone or something with (a particular quality or attribute).

investigation
the action of investigating something or someone; formal or systematic examination or research.

investigator
a person who carries out a formal inquiry or investigation.

investment
the action or process of investing money for profit.

investor
An investor is someone who provides (or invests) money or resources for an enterprise, such as a corporation, with the expectation of financial or other gain.

invisible
Economics
unable to be seen.

invitation
a written or verbal request inviting someone to go somewhere or to do something.

invite
make a polite, formal, or friendly request to (someone) to go somewhere or to do something.
an invitation.

Iraqi
relating to Iraq, its people, or their language.

Islamic
relating to Islam.

island
a thing regarded as resembling an island, especially in being isolated, detached, or surrounded in some way.
a piece of land surrounded by water.

isolate
cause (a person or place) to be or remain alone or apart from others.
identify (something) and examine or deal with it separately.
a person or thing which has been or become isolated.

Israeli
relating to the modern country of Israel.

issue
come, go, or flow out from.
supply or distribute (something) for use or sale.
the action of flowing or coming out.
a result or outcome of something.
an important topic or problem for debate or discussion.
the action of supplying or distributing an item for use, sale, or official purposes.

item
an individual article or unit, especially one that is part of a list, collection, or set.
used to introduce each item in a list.

its
belonging to or associated with a thing previously mentioned or easily identified.

jail
a place for the confinement of people accused or convicted of a crime.
put (someone) in jail.

Japanese
relating to Japan or its language, culture, or people.
relating to Japan or its language, culture, or people.

jaw
each of the upper and lower bony structures in vertebrates forming the framework of the mouth and containing the teeth.

jeans
hard-wearing casual trousers made of denim or other cotton fabric.

jet
a hard black semi-precious variety of lignite, capable of being carved and highly polished.
Joint European Torus, a machine for conducting experiments in nuclear fusion, at Culham in Oxfordshire.
a rapid stream of liquid or gas forced out of a small opening.
a jet engine.
spurt out in jets.
travel by jet aircraft.

jewelry
personal ornaments, such as necklaces, rings, or bracelets, that are typically made from or contain jewels and precious metal.

Jewish
relating to, associated with, or denoting Jews or Judaism.

joke
a thing that someone says to cause amusement or laughter, especially a story with a funny punchline.
make jokes; talk humorously or flippantly.

journal
the part of a shaft or axle that rests on bearings.
write in a journal or diary.
a newspaper or magazine that deals with a particular subject or professional activity.
a daily record of news and events of a personal nature; a diary.

journalism
the activity or profession of writing for newspapers or magazines or of broadcasting news on radio or television.

joy
a feeling of great pleasure and happiness.
rejoice.

judge
a leader having temporary authority in ancient Israel in the period between Joshua and the kings.
a public officer appointed to decide cases in a law court.
form an opinion or conclusion about.

just
based on or behaving according to what is morally right and fair.
exactly.
very recently; in the immediate past.
barely; by a little.
simply; only; no more than.
expressing agreement.

justice
just behaviour or treatment.
a judge or magistrate, in particular a judge of the Supreme Court of a country or state.

justify
show or prove to be right or reasonable.

key
a small piece of shaped metal with incisions cut to fit the wards of a particular lock, which is inserted into a lock and turned to open or close it.
each of several buttons on a panel for operating a computer, typewriter, or telephone.
a thing that provides a means of achieving or understanding something.
the dry winged fruit of an ash, maple, or sycamore, typically growing in bunches; a samara.
roughen (a surface) to help the adhesion of plaster or other material.
Basketball
of crucial importance.
enter or operate on (data) by means of a computer keyboard or telephone keypad.
fasten (something) in position with a pin, wedge, or bolt.
word (an advertisement in a periodical), typically by varying the form of the address given, so as to identify the publication generating particular responses.
a low-lying island or reef, especially in the Caribbean.
the part of a first coat of wall plaster that passes between the laths and so secures the rest.

kid
(of a goat) give birth.
a young goat.
deceive (someone) in a playful way; tease.
a small wooden tub, especially a sailor's mess tub for grog or rations.

kill
cause the death of (a person, animal, or other living thing).
put an end to or cause the failure or defeat of (something).
pass (time, or a specified amount of it), typically while waiting for a particular event.
an act of killing, especially of one animal by another.

killer
a person, animal, or thing that kills.

killing
an act of causing death, especially deliberately.
causing death.
cause the death of (a person, animal, or other living thing).
put an end to or cause the failure or defeat of (something).
pass (time, or a specified amount of it), typically while waiting for a particular event.

kind
a group of people or things having similar characteristics.
each of the elements (bread and wine) of the Eucharist.
having or showing a friendly, generous, and considerate nature.

king
the most important chess piece, of which each player has one, which the opponent has to checkmate in order to win. The king can move in any direction, including diagonally, to any adjacent square that is not attacked by an opponent's piece or pawn.
the male ruler of an independent state, especially one who inherits the position by right of birth.

kiss
a touch or caress with the lips.

knife
stab (someone) with a knife.
an instrument composed of a blade fixed into a handle, used for cutting or as a weapon.

knock
collide with (someone or something), giving them a hard blow.
strike a surface noisily to attract attention, especially when waiting to be let in through a door.

knowledge
facts, information, and skills acquired through experience or education; the theoretical or practical understanding of a subject.
awareness or familiarity gained by experience of a fact or situation.

lab
a laboratory.

label
a small piece of paper, fabric, plastic, or similar material attached to an object and giving information about it.
a classifying phrase or name applied to a person or thing, especially one that is inaccurate or restrictive.
attach a label to (something).

lack
be without or deficient in.
the state of being without or not having enough of something.

ladder
a piece of equipment consisting of a series of bars or steps between two upright lengths of wood, metal, or rope, used for climbing up or down something.

lamp
a device for giving light, either one consisting of an electric bulb together with its holder and shade or cover, or one burning gas or oil and consisting of a wick or mantle and a glass shade.

land
a state of Germany or Austria.
a country or state.
put (someone or something) on land from a boat.
the space between the rifling grooves in a gun.
the part of the earth's surface that is not covered by water.
come down through the air and rest on the ground or another surface.

landing
an instance of coming or bringing something to land, either from the air or from water.
a level area at the top of a staircase or between one flight of stairs and another.

lane
a division of a road marked off with painted lines and intended to separate single lines of traffic according to speed or direction.
a narrow road, especially in a rural area.

language
the method of human communication, either spoken or written, consisting of the use of words in a structured and conventional way.
the style of a piece of writing or speech.
a system of communication used by a particular country or community.

large
of considerable or relatively great size, extent, or capacity.
of wide range or scope.
enjoy oneself in a lively way with drink or drugs and music.

laser
a device that generates an intense beam of coherent monochromatic light (or other electromagnetic radiation) by stimulated emission of photons from excited atoms or molecules. Lasers are used in drilling and cutting, alignment and guidance, and in surgery; the optical properties are exploited in holography, reading barcodes, and in recording and playing compact discs.

Latin
the language of ancient Rome and its empire, widely used historically as a language of scholarship and administration.

latter
occurring or situated nearer to the end of something than to the beginning.
denoting the second or second mentioned of two people or things.

laugh
make the spontaneous sounds and movements of the face and body that are the instinctive expressions of lively amusement and sometimes also of derision.
an act of laughing.

laughter
the action or sound of laughing.

launch
set (a boat) in motion by pushing it or allowing it to roll into the water.
start or set in motion (an activity or enterprise).
an act or instance of launching something.
a large motor boat used for short trips.

lead
the distance advanced by a screw in one turn.
an artificial watercourse leading to a mill.
cause (a person or animal) to go with one by holding them by the hand, a halter, a rope, etc. while moving forward.
be a route or means of access to a particular place or in a particular direction.
be in charge or command of.
have the advantage over competitors in a race or game.
have or experience (a particular way of life).
the initiative in an action; an example for others to follow.
a position of advantage in a contest; first place.
the chief part in a play or film.
an item or implement made of lead, in particular:
a soft, heavy, ductile bluish-grey metal, the chemical element of atomic number 82. It has been used in roofing, plumbing, ammunition, storage batteries, radiation shields, etc., and its compounds have been used in crystal glass, as an anti-knock agent in petrol, and (formerly) in paints.
graphite used as the part of a pencil that makes a mark.

leader
the principal player in a music group.
a shoot of a plant at the apex of a stem or main branch.
a short strip of non-functioning material at each end of a reel of film or recording tape for connection to the spool.
the person who leads or commands a group, organization, or country.

leading
guidance or leadership, especially in a spiritual context.
the amount of blank space between lines of print.
most important.
cause (a person or animal) to go with one by holding them by the hand, a halter, a rope, etc. while moving forward.
be a route or means of access to a particular place or in a particular direction.
be in charge or command of.
have the advantage over competitors in a race or game.
have or experience (a particular way of life).

leaf
a thing that resembles a leaf in being flat and thin.
(of a plant, especially a deciduous one in spring) put out new leaves.
turn over (the pages of a book or the papers in a pile), reading them quickly or casually.
a flattened structure of a higher plant, typically green and blade-like, that is attached to a stem directly or via a stalk. Leaves are the main organs of photosynthesis and transpiration.

lean
be in or move into a sloping position.
a deviation from the perpendicular; an inclination.

learn
gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught.

learning
the acquisition of knowledge or skills through study, experience, or being taught.
gain or acquire knowledge of or skill in (something) by study, experience, or being taught.

least
smallest in amount, extent, or significance.
to the smallest extent or degree.

leather
a piece of leather as a polishing cloth.
a material made from the skin of an animal by tanning or a similar process.

leave
go away from.
allow or cause to remain.
cause (someone or something) to be in a particular state or position.
(in snooker, croquet, and other games) the position in which a player leaves the balls for the next player.
permission.
time when one has permission to be absent from work or from duty in the armed forces.

left
relating to a person or group favouring radical, reforming, or socialist views.
on, towards, or relating to the side of a human body or of a thing which is to the west when the person or thing is facing north.

legally
Full Definition of LEGAL. 1. : of or relating to law. 2. a : deriving authority from or founded on law : de jure.

legend
very well known.
an inscription, especially on a coin or medal.
a traditional story sometimes popularly regarded as historical but not authenticated.
an extremely famous or notorious person, especially in a particular field.

legislation
laws, considered collectively.

legislator
a person who makes laws; a member of a legislative body.

legislature
the legislative body of a country or state.

lend
accommodate or adapt oneself to.
grant to (someone) the use of (something) on the understanding that it will be returned.
contribute or add (a quality) to.

length
the measurement or extent of something from end to end; the greater of two or the greatest of three dimensions of an object.
the amount of time occupied by something.
a piece or stretch of something.
an extreme to which a course of action is taken.
(in bridge or whist) the number of cards of a suit held in one's hand, especially when five or more.
reaching up to or down to the place specified.

level
Surveying
a horizontal plane or line with respect to the distance above or below a given point.
a position on a scale of amount, quantity, extent, or quality.
a flat tract of land.
having a flat, horizontal surface.
at the same height as someone or something else.
having the same relative position; not in front of or behind.
calm and steady.
give a flat and even surface to.
begin to fly horizontally after climbing or diving.
aim (a weapon).
an instrument marked with a line parallel to the plane of the horizon for testing whether things are horizontal.

liberal
willing to respect or accept behaviour or opinions different from one's own; open to new ideas.
(of education) concerned with broadening a person's general knowledge and experience, rather than with technical or professional training.
(especially of an interpretation of a law) broadly construed or understood; not strictly literal.
given, used, or occurring in generous amounts.
a person of liberal views.

liberty
the state of being free within society from oppressive restrictions imposed by authority on one's behaviour or political views.
a right or privilege, especially a statutory one.

lifestyle
the way in which a person lives.

lifetime
the duration of a person's life.

light
the natural agent that stimulates sight and makes things visible.
an expression in someone's eyes indicating a particular emotion or mood.
understanding of a problem or mystery; enlightenment.
a person eminent in a particular sphere of activity.
provide with light or lighting; illuminate.
make (something) start burning; ignite.
having a considerable or sufficient amount of natural light; not dark.
(of a colour) pale.
of little weight; not heavy.
not strongly or heavily built or made.
relatively low in density, amount, or intensity.
gentle or delicate.
(of entertainment) requiring little mental effort; not profound or serious.
(of sleep or a sleeper) easily disturbed.
come upon or discover by chance.
a device used to produce a flame or spark.
a window or opening to let light in.
an area of something that is brighter or paler than its surroundings.

like
used with reference to a person or thing of the same kind as another.
having the same characteristics or qualities as; similar to.
used to draw attention to the nature of an action or event.
such as; for example.
in the same way that; as.
as though; as if.
(of a person or thing) having similar qualities or characteristics to another person or thing.
find agreeable, enjoyable, or satisfactory.
wish for; want.
the things one likes or prefers.
(added to nouns) similar to; characteristic of.

limited
restricted in size, amount, or extent; few, small, or short.

line
a length of cord, rope, wire, or other material serving a particular purpose.
a horizontal row of written or printed words.
a row of people or things.
an area or branch of activity.
a connected series of military fieldworks or defences facing an enemy force.
stand or be positioned at intervals along.
mark or cover with lines.
cover the inside surface of (a container or garment) with a layer of different material.
a long, narrow mark or band.

link
a ring or loop in a chain.
a torch of pitch and tow for lighting the way in dark streets.
make, form, or suggest a connection with or between.
a relationship between two things or situations, especially where one affects the other.

lion
a large tawny-coloured cat that lives in prides, found in Africa and NW India. The male has a flowing shaggy mane and takes little part in hunting, which is done cooperatively by the females.
a member of a Lions Club.
a member of a touring international rugby union team representing the British Isles.

lip
either of the two fleshy parts which form the upper and lower edges of the opening of the mouth.

live
remain alive.
make one's home in a particular place or with a particular person.
not dead or inanimate; living.
relating to a musical performance given in concert, not on a recording.
(of a wire or device) connected to a source of electric current.
(of a question or subject) of current or continuing interest and importance.
as or at an actual event or performance.

liver
a large lobed glandular organ in the abdomen of vertebrates, involved in many metabolic processes.

living
an income sufficient to live on or the means of earning it.
the pursuit of a lifestyle of the specified type.
alive.
remain alive.
make one's home in a particular place or with a particular person.

load
a weight or source of pressure borne by someone or something.
the amount of power supplied by a source; the resistance of moving parts to be overcome by a motor.
a heavy or bulky thing that is being carried or is about to be carried.

loan
a thing that is borrowed, especially a sum of money that is expected to be paid back with interest.
lend (a sum of money or item of property).
a lane or narrow path, especially one leading to open ground.

local
relating or restricted to a particular area or one's neighbourhood.
(in technical use) relating to a particular region or part, or to each of any number of these.
a local person or thing, in particular:

locate
discover the exact place or position of.

location
a particular place or position.

lock
a mechanism for keeping a door, window, lid, or container fastened, typically operated by a key.
a short section of a canal or river with gates and sluices at each end which can be opened or closed to change the water level, used for raising and lowering boats.

log
an official record of events during the voyage of a ship or aircraft.
enter (an incident or fact) in the log of a ship or aircraft or in another systematic record.
cut down (an area of forest) in order to exploit the timber commercially.
a part of the trunk or a large branch of a tree that has fallen or been cut off.
denoting discourse of a specified type.
denoting compilation.
a quantity representing the power to which a fixed number (the base) must be raised to produce a given number.
an apparatus for determining the speed of a ship, originally one consisting of a float attached to a knotted line that is wound on a reel, the distance run out in a certain time being used as an estimate of the vessel's speed.

logic
a system or set of principles underlying the arrangements of elements in a computer or electronic device so as to perform a specified task.
reasoning conducted or assessed according to strict principles of validity.

long
(of a drink) large and refreshing, and in which alcohol, if present, is not concentrated.
longitude.
measuring a great distance from end to end.
lasting or taking a great amount of time.
relatively great in extent.
(of odds or a chance) reflecting or representing a low level of probability.
a long period.
a long sound such as a long signal in Morse code or a long vowel or syllable.
for a long time.
have a strong wish or desire.
(added to nouns) for the duration of.
(with reference to the ball in sport) at, to, or over a great distance.

look
regard in a specified way.
have the appearance or give the impression of being.
rely on (someone) to do or provide something.
(of a building or room) have an outlook in a specified direction.
an act of directing one's gaze in order to see someone or something.
the appearance of someone or something, especially as expressing a particular quality.
used to call attention to what one is going to say.
direct one's gaze in a specified direction.

loop
a shape produced by a curve that bends round and crosses itself.
a structure, series, or process, the end of which is connected to the beginning.

loose
not firmly or tightly fixed in place; detached or able to be detached.
(of a garment) not fitting tightly or closely.
not close, compact, or solid in structure or formation.
relaxed; physically slack.
(of faeces) containing excessive liquid.
loose play.
set free; release.
fire (a bullet, arrow, etc.).

lose
be deprived of or cease to have or retain (something).
fail to win (a game or contest).
waste or fail to take advantage of (time or an opportunity).
become unable to find (something or someone).
earn less (money) than one is spending or has spent.

loss
the fact or process of losing something or someone.

loud
producing or capable of producing much noise.
with a great deal of volume.

lovely
very beautiful or attractive.
an attractive woman or girl.

lover
a partner in a sexual or romantic relationship outside marriage.

loyal
giving or showing firm and constant support or allegiance to a person or institution.

loyalty
the quality of being loyal.

luck
success or failure apparently brought by chance rather than through one's own actions.
chance to find or acquire.

lung
each of the pair of organs situated within the ribcage, consisting of elastic sacs with branching passages into which air is drawn, so that oxygen can pass into the blood and carbon dioxide be removed. Lungs are characteristic of vertebrates other than fish, though similar structures are present in some other animal groups.

main
(in the game of hazard) a number (5, 6, 7, 8, or 9) called by a player before dice are thrown.

mainly
more than anything else.

maintain
cause or enable (a condition or situation) to continue.
provide with necessities for life or existence.
state something strongly to be the case; assert.

maintenance
the process of preserving a condition or situation or the state of being preserved.
the provision of financial support for a person's living expenses, or the support so provided.

major
a major organization or competition.
Australian Rules
specialize in (a particular subject) at college or university.
important, serious, or significant.
a rank of officer in the army and the US air force, above captain and below lieutenant colonel.

manager
(in the Houses of Parliament and the US Senate) a member of a committee appointed by one house to confer with a similar committee of the other house.
a person responsible for controlling or administering an organization or group of staff.
a person regarded in terms of their skill in managing resources, especially those of a household.

managing
be in charge of (a business, organization, or undertaking); run.
succeed in surviving or in achieving something despite difficult circumstances; cope.

mandate
an official order or commission to do something.
the authority to carry out a policy, regarded as given by the electorate to a party or candidate that wins an election.
give (someone) authority to act in a certain way.

manipulate
handle or control (a tool, mechanism, information, etc.) in a skilful manner.
control or influence (a person or situation) cleverly or unscrupulously.

mansion
a large, impressive house.

many
a large number of.
the majority of people.

map
a diagrammatic representation of an area of land or sea showing physical features, cities, roads, etc.

march
walk in a military manner with a regular measured tread.
an act or instance of marching.
(of a country, territory, or estate) have a common frontier with.
an area of land on the border between two countries or territories, especially between England and Wales or (formerly) England and Scotland.

marine
relating to or found in the sea.
a member of a body of troops trained to serve on land or sea, in particular (in the UK) a member of the Royal Marines or (in the US) a member of the Marine Corps.

mark
the basic monetary unit of Bosnia and Herzegovina, equal to 100 fening.
a small area on a surface having a different colour from its surroundings, typically one caused by damage or dirt.
a line, figure, or symbol made as an indication or record of something.
(followed by a numeral) a particular model or type of a vehicle or machine.
a target.
make a visible impression or stain on.
write a word or symbol on (an object) in order to give information.
indicate the position of.
notice or pay careful attention to.
a former English and Scottish money of account, equal to thirteen shillings and four pence in the currency of the day.
(until the introduction of the euro in 2002) the basic monetary unit of Germany, equal to 100 pfennig; a Deutschmark.

marker
an object used to indicate a position, place, or route.

marriage
the legally or formally recognized union of a man and a woman (or, in some jurisdictions, two people of the same sex) as partners in a relationship.
a combination or mixture of elements.

mask
a covering for all or part of the face, worn as a disguise, or to amuse or frighten others.
a likeness of a person's face moulded or sculpted in clay or wax.
a manner or expression that hides one's true character or feelings.
cover (the face) with a mask.
conceal (something) from view.
a face pack.
cover (an object or surface) so as to protect it during painting.
a covering made of fibre or gauze and fitting over the nose and mouth to protect against air pollutants, or made of sterile gauze and worn to prevent infection of the wearer or (in surgery) of the patient.

mass
Massachusetts.
the celebration of the Christian Eucharist, especially in the Roman Catholic Church.
a large body of matter with no definite shape.
a large number of people or objects crowded together.
the majority of.
involving or affecting large numbers of people or things.
assemble or cause to assemble into a single body or mass.
Massachusetts.
a large body of matter with no definite shape.
the majority of.
involving or affecting large numbers of people or things.
assemble or cause to assemble into a single body or mass.
the celebration of the Christian Eucharist, especially in the Roman Catholic Church.
a large number of people or objects crowded together.

mate
the sexual partner of a bird or other animal.

math
mathematics.

mathematics
the abstract science of number, quantity, and space, either as abstract concepts ( pure mathematics ), or as applied to other disciplines such as physics and engineering ( applied mathematics ).

matter
a subject or situation under consideration.
the reason for distress or a problem.
be important or significant.
physical substance in general, as distinct from mind and spirit; (in physics) that which occupies space and possesses rest mass, especially as distinct from energy.

mayor
(in England, Wales, and Northern Ireland) the head of a town, borough, or county council, elected by council members and generally having purely ceremonial duties.

me
used by a speaker to refer to himself or herself as the object of a verb or preposition.

meal
any of the regular occasions in a day when a reasonably large amount of food is eaten.
the edible part of any grain or pulse ground to powder.

meantime
meanwhile.

measure
a group of rock strata.
ascertain the size, amount, or degree of (something) by using an instrument or device marked in standard units.
assess the importance, effect, or value of (something).
a plan or course of action taken to achieve a particular purpose.
a standard unit used to express the size, amount, or degree of something.
a certain quantity or degree of something.
the rhythm of a piece of poetry or a piece of music.

measurement
the action of measuring something.

mechanic
a skilled worker who repairs and maintains vehicle engines and other machinery.

medicine
a drug or other preparation for the treatment or prevention of disease.
(among North American Indians and some other peoples) a spell, charm, or fetish believed to have healing, protective, or other power.
the science or practice of the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease (in technical use often taken to exclude surgery).

medium
a particular form of storage material for computer files, such as magnetic tape or discs.
an agency or means of doing something.
the intervening substance through which sensory impressions are conveyed or physical forces are transmitted.

member
a person, country, or organization that has joined a group, society, or team.
a constituent piece of a complex structure, especially a component of a load-bearing structure.

membership
the fact of being a member of a group.

memory
the faculty by which the mind stores and remembers information.
something remembered from the past.
the part of a computer in which data or program instructions can be stored for retrieval.

message
a significant political, social, or moral point that is being conveyed by a film, speech, etc.
send a message to (someone), especially by email.
a verbal, written, or recorded communication sent to or left for a recipient who cannot be contacted directly.

metal
a solid material which is typically hard, shiny, malleable, fusible, and ductile, with good electrical and thermal conductivity (e.g. iron, gold, silver, and aluminium, and alloys such as steel).

metaphor
a figure of speech in which a word or phrase is applied to an object or action to which it is not literally applicable.

meter
US spelling of metre1.

method
a particular procedure for accomplishing or approaching something, especially a systematic or established one.

middle
at an equal distance from the extremities of something; central.
the point or position at an equal distance from the sides, edges, or ends of something.
(in cricket, tennis, etc.) strike (the ball) with the middle of the bat, racket, or club.

midnight
twelve o'clock at night.

midst
in the middle of.

might
past of may1.

migration
movement from one part of something to another.
seasonal movement of animals from one region to another.

mild
a kind of dark beer not strongly flavoured with hops.
not severe, serious, or harsh.
gentle and not easily provoked.

military
relating to or characteristic of soldiers or armed forces.
the armed forces of a country.

million
the number equivalent to the product of a thousand and a thousand; 1,000,000 or 106.

mind
a person's ability to think and reason; the intellect.
a person's attention.
be distressed, annoyed, or worried by.
regard as important; feel concern about.
the element of a person that enables them to be aware of the world and their experiences, to think, and to feel; the faculty of consciousness and thought.

minimize
reduce (something, especially something undesirable) to the smallest possible amount or degree.

minister
(in certain countries) a head of a government department.
a member of the clergy, especially in the Presbyterian and Nonconformist Churches.
a diplomatic agent, usually ranking below an ambassador, representing a state or sovereign in a foreign country.
attend to the needs of (someone).

ministry
(in certain countries) a period of government under one Prime Minister.
the work or vocation of a minister of religion.
(in certain countries) a government department headed by a minister.

minor
a person under the age of full legal responsibility.
a small drab moth which has purplish caterpillars that feed on grass.
study as or qualify in a subsidiary subject at college or university.
lesser in importance, seriousness, or significance.

mirror
(of a surface) show a reflection of.
a surface, typically of glass coated with a metal amalgam, which reflects a clear image.

missile
an object which is forcibly propelled at a target, either by hand or from a mechanical weapon.

missing
(of a thing) not able to be found because it is not in its expected place.
fail to hit, reach, or come into contact with (something aimed at).
fail to notice, hear, or understand.
notice the loss or absence of.
(of an engine or motor vehicle) undergo failure of ignition in one or more cylinders.

mix
combine or put together to form one substance or mass.
(of a person) associate with others socially.
(especially in sound recording) combine (two or more signals or soundtracks) into one.

mobile
able to move or be moved freely or easily.
relating to mobile phones, handheld computers, and similar technology.
able or willing to move easily or freely between occupations, places of residence, or social classes.
a decorative structure that is suspended so as to turn freely in the air.
forming nouns denoting vehicles of a particular type.

mode
a fashion or style in clothes, art, literature, etc.
a way or manner in which something occurs or is experienced, expressed, or done.

moderate
monitor (an Internet forum or online discussion) for inappropriate or offensive content.
average in amount, intensity, quality, or degree.
a person who holds moderate views, especially in politics.
make or become less extreme, intense, rigorous, or violent.
(in academic and ecclesiastical contexts) preside over (a deliberative body) or at (a debate).

monkey
a small to medium-sized primate that typically has a long tail, most kinds of which live in trees in tropical countries.
behave in a silly or playful way.
a piledriving machine consisting of a heavy hammer or ram working vertically in a groove.

monthly
done, produced, or occurring once a month.

mood
a temporary state of mind or feeling.
an angry, irritable, or sullen state of mind.

moon
behave or move in a listless and aimless manner.
the natural satellite of the earth, visible (chiefly at night) by reflected light from the sun.

mother
a woman in relation to a child or children to whom she has given birth.
(especially as a title or form of address) the head of a female religious community.

motion
the action or process of moving or being moved.
a formal proposal put to a legislature or committee.

motivate
provide (someone) with a reason for doing something.

mount
climb up (stairs, a hill, or other rising surface).
organize and initiate (a campaign or other course of action).
grow larger or more numerous.
place or fix (an object) on a support.
a backing or setting on which a photograph, gem, or work of art is set for display.
a support for a gun, camera, or similar piece of equipment.

mouse
a small rodent that typically has a pointed snout, relatively large ears and eyes, and a long tail.

movie
a cinema film.

municipal
relating to a town or district or its governing body.

muscle
physical power; strength.
a band or bundle of fibrous tissue in a human or animal body that has the ability to contract, producing movement in or maintaining the position of parts of the body.

museum
a building in which objects of historical, scientific, artistic, or cultural interest are stored and exhibited.

music
vocal or instrumental sounds (or both) combined in such a way as to produce beauty of form, harmony, and expression of emotion.
the written or printed signs representing vocal or instrumental sound.

musical
relating to music.
having a pleasant sound; melodious or tuneful.
a play or film in which singing and dancing play an essential part. Musicals developed from light opera in the early 20th century.

mutter
say something in a low or barely audible voice, especially in dissatisfaction or irritation.
a barely audible utterance, especially one expressing dissatisfaction or irritation.

mutual
held in common by two or more parties.
(of a feeling or action) experienced or done by each of two or more parties towards the other or others.

my
belonging to or associated with the speaker.

mysterious
difficult or impossible to understand, explain, or identify.

mystery
something that is difficult or impossible to understand or explain.
a novel, play, or film dealing with a puzzling crime, especially a murder.
the secret rites of Greek and Roman pagan religion, or of any ancient or tribal religion, to which only initiates are admitted.

myth
a traditional story, especially one concerning the early history of a people or explaining a natural or social phenomenon, and typically involving supernatural beings or events.
a widely held but false belief or idea.

nasty
very bad or unpleasant.
behaving in an unpleasant or spiteful way.
annoying or unwelcome.
damaging or harmful.
an unpleasant or harmful person or thing.

nation
a large body of people united by common descent, history, culture, or language, inhabiting a particular state or territory.

nationwide
throughout the whole nation.

nature
the basic or inherent features, character, or qualities of something.
the phenomena of the physical world collectively, including plants, animals, the landscape, and other features and products of the earth, as opposed to humans or human creations.

neat
arranged in a tidy way; in good order.
done with or demonstrating skill or efficiency.
(of liquid, especially spirits) not diluted or mixed with anything else.

necessarily
as a necessary result; inevitably.

necessary
needed to be done, achieved, or present; essential.
determined, existing, or happening by natural laws or predestination; inevitable.
the basic requirements of life, such as food and warmth.

needle
a very fine slender piece of polished metal with a point at one end and a hole or eye for thread at the other, used in sewing.

negotiate
transfer (a cheque, bill, or other document) to the legal ownership of another person, who thus becomes entitled to any benefit.
obtain or bring about by discussion.
find a way over or through (an obstacle or difficult route).

neighbor
a person living next door to or very near to the speaker or person referred to.

neighboring
(of a place or object) be situated next to or very near (another).
next to or very near another place; adjacent.

neither
not the one nor the other of two people or things; not either.

nevertheless
in spite of that; notwithstanding; all the same.

new
produced, introduced, or discovered recently or now for the first time; not existing before.
already existing but seen, experienced, or acquired recently or now for the first time.
beginning anew and in a transformed way.
newly; recently.

newly
only just; recently.

news
newly received or noteworthy information, especially about recent events.

next
(of a time) coming immediately after the time of writing or speaking.
coming immediately after the present one in order, rank, or space.
on the first or soonest occasion after the present; immediately afterwards.
following in the specified order.

nightmare
a frightening or unpleasant dream.
a very unpleasant or frightening experience or prospect.

nine
equivalent to the product of three and three; one more than eight, or one less than ten; 9.

nomination
the action of nominating or state of being nominated.

none
by no amount; not at all.
a service forming part of the Divine Office of the Western Christian Church, traditionally said (or chanted) at the ninth hour of the day (3 p.m.).
not any.

nonetheless
in spite of that; nevertheless.

nonprofit
not making or conducted primarily to make a profit.

noon
twelve o'clock in the day; midday.

nor
used before the second or further of two or more alternatives (the first being introduced by a negative such as neither or not) to indicate that they are each untrue or each do not happen.

norm
something that is usual, typical, or standard.

normal
conforming to a standard; usual, typical, or expected.
the usual, typical, or expected state or condition.

north
the northern part of the world or of a specified country, region, or town.
lying towards, near, or facing the north.
of or denoting the northern part of a specified country, region, or town.
to or towards the north.
above (a particular amount, cost, etc.).
the direction in which a compass needle normally points, towards the horizon on the left-hand side of a person facing east, or the part of the horizon lying in this direction.

northeast
the direction towards the point of the horizon midway between north and east.

northern
situated in the north, or directed towards or facing the north.

not
used with an auxiliary verb or be to form the negative.

nothing
not anything; no single thing.
having no prospect of progress; of no value.

notion
a conception of or belief about something.
an impulse or desire, especially one of a whimsical kind.

nowhere
not in or to any place; not anywhere.

nut
a small flat piece of metal or other material, typically square or hexagonal, with a threaded hole through it for screwing on to a bolt as a fastener.
(in the UK) National Union of Teachers.
the fixed ridge on the neck of a stringed instrument over which the strings pass.
a fruit consisting of a hard or tough shell around an edible kernel.

nutrient
a substance that provides nourishment essential for the maintenance of life and for growth.

objection
an expression or feeling of disapproval or opposition; a reason for disagreeing.

obvious
easily perceived or understood; clear, self-evident, or apparent.

occasion
a particular event, or the time at which it takes place.
cause (something).

occasionally
at infrequent or irregular intervals; now and then.

occupation
a job or profession.
the action, state, or period of occupying or being occupied by military force.
the action of living in or using a building or other place.
for the sole use of the occupiers of the land concerned.

occupy
take control of (a place, especially a country) by military conquest or settlement.
fill or preoccupy (the mind).
fill or take up (a space or time).
reside or have one's place of business in (a building).

often
frequently; many times.

oh
used to express a range of emotions including surprise, anger, disappointment, or joy, or when reacting to a remark.

oil
a viscous liquid derived from petroleum, especially for use as a fuel or lubricant.
oil paint.

ok
Oklahoma (in official postal use).
satisfactory but not especially good.
in a satisfactory manner or to a satisfactory extent.
an authorization or approval.
give approval to.
used to express agreement or acceptance.
Oklahoma (in official postal use).
used to express agreement or acceptance.
satisfactory but not especially good.
in a satisfactory manner or to a satisfactory extent.
an authorization or approval.
give approval to.

old
having lived for a long time; no longer young.
of a specified age.
belonging to the past; former.

on
paid for by.
added to.
(of an actor) on stage.
forming nouns:
Ontario (in official postal use).
Old Norse.
physically in contact with and supported by (a surface).
forming a distinctive or marked part of the surface of.
having (the thing mentioned) as a topic; about.
as a member of (a committee, jury, or other body).
having (the thing mentioned) as a target, aim, or focus.
in the course of (a journey).
indicating the day or part of a day during which an event takes place.
engaged in.
regularly taking (a drug or medicine).
physically in contact with and supported by a surface.
indicating continuation of a movement or action.
(of an event) taking place or being presented.
(of an electrical appliance or power supply) functioning.
denoting subatomic particles or quanta.
denoting molecular units.
denoting substances.
(often followed by a noun without a determiner) having (the thing mentioned) as a medium for transmitting or storing information.

once
on one occasion or for one time only.
at some time in the past; formerly.
multiplied by one.

onion
a swollen edible bulb used as a vegetable, having a pungent taste and smell and composed of several concentric layers.

onto
variant form of on to.

opening
a space or gap that allows passage or access.
a beginning; an initial part.
an opportunity to achieve something.
coming at the beginning of something; initial.

opera
a dramatic work in one or more acts, set to music for singers and instrumentalists.

operation
an act of surgery performed on a patient.
an organized activity involving a number of people.
the action of functioning or the fact of being active or in effect.

operator
a person or company that runs a business.
a person who operates equipment or a machine.

opinion
a view or judgement formed about something, not necessarily based on fact or knowledge.
a statement of advice by an expert on a professional matter.

opponent
someone who competes with or opposes another in a contest, game, or argument.

opportunity
a time or set of circumstances that makes it possible to do something.

oppose
disagree with and attempt to prevent, especially by argument.

opposed
anxious to prevent or put an end to; disagreeing with.
(of two or more things) contrasting or conflicting with each other.
disagree with and attempt to prevent, especially by argument.

optimistic
hopeful and confident about the future.

or
operational research.
Oregon (in official postal use).

order
any of the five classical styles of architecture (Doric, Ionic, Corinthian, Tuscan, and Composite) based on the proportions of columns and the style of their decoration.
the arrangement or disposition of people or things in relation to each other according to a particular sequence, pattern, or method.
an authoritative command or instruction.
a particular social, political, or economic system.
a society of monks, nuns, or friars living under the same religious, moral, and social regulations and discipline.
the quality or nature of something.
request (something) to be made, supplied, or served.
arrange (something) in a methodical way.
give an authoritative instruction to do something.

ordinary
(especially of a judge or bishop) exercising authority by virtue of office and not by deputation.
a member of the clergy, such as an archbishop in a province or a bishop in a diocese, with immediate jurisdiction.
those parts of a Roman Catholic service, especially the Mass, which do not vary from day to day.
with no special or distinctive features; normal.
what is commonplace or standard.

organization
an organized group of people with a particular purpose, such as a business or government department.
the action of organizing something.
the way in which the elements of a whole are arranged.

organized
arranged in a systematic way, especially on a large scale.
arrange systematically; order.
make arrangements or preparations for (an event or activity).

others
used to refer to a person or thing that is different or distinct from one already mentioned or known about.
further; additional.

otherwise
in circumstances different from those present or considered; or else.
in other respects; apart from that.

ours
used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with the speaker and one or more other people previously mentioned or easily identified.

ourselves
used as the object of a verb or preposition when this is the same as the subject of the clause and the subject is the speaker and one or more other people considered together.

out
knock (someone) out.
(of a jury) considering its verdict in secrecy.
in a state of unconsciousness.
(of the ball in tennis and similar games) outside the designated playing area.
situated far or at a particular distance from somewhere.
(of a light or fire) so as to be extinguished or no longer burning.
the political party not in office.
away from home.
so as to be revealed or known.
at or to an end.
(of a flower) in bloom; open.
no longer involved in a situation, competition, or activity.
not at home or at one's place of work.
revealed or made public.
no longer alight; extinguished.
at an end.
not possible or worth considering.
mistaken; in error.
to the point of surpassing or exceeding.
external; separate; from outside.
away from; outward.
moving or appearing to move away from a particular place, especially one that is enclosed or hidden.
non-standard contraction of out of.

outsider
a person who does not belong to a particular organization or profession.
a competitor, applicant, etc. thought to have little chance of success.

oven
a cremation chamber in a Nazi concentration camp.
an enclosed compartment, usually part of a cooker, for cooking and heating food.

over
extending directly upwards from.
at a higher level or layer than.
higher or more than (a specified number or quantity).
expressing passage or trajectory across.
expressing duration.

overall
a loose-fitting coat or one-piece garment worn, typically over ordinary clothes, for protection against dirt or heavy wear.
taken as a whole; in all.
taking everything into account.

overcome
succeed in dealing with (a problem or difficulty).

overlook
fail to notice.
have a view of from above.
a commanding position or view.

overnight
for the duration of a night.

owe
have an obligation to pay or repay (something, especially money) in return for something received.

owner
a person who owns something.

ownership
the act, state, or right of possessing something.

pace
a single step taken when walking or running.
speed in walking, running, or moving.
walk at a steady speed, especially without a particular destination and as an expression of anxiety or annoyance.
move or develop (something) at a particular rate or speed.

package
an object or group of objects wrapped in paper or packed in a box.
a set of proposals or terms offered or agreed as a whole.

pad
a number of sheets of blank paper fastened together at one edge, used for writing or drawing.
a flat-topped structure or area used for helicopter take-off and landing or for rocket-launching.
fill or cover (something) with a soft material in order to protect or shape it or to make it more comfortable.
lengthen a speech or piece of writing with unnecessary material.
put on protective pads in order to play a sport, especially cricket.
walk with steady steps making a soft dull sound.
the soft dull sound of steady steps.
a thick piece of soft material, typically used to protect or shape something, or to absorb liquid.
the fleshy underpart of an animal's foot or of a human finger.

page
one or both sides of a sheet of paper in a book, magazine, newspaper, or other collection of bound sheets.
look through the pages of (a book, magazine, etc.).

pain
mental suffering or distress.
cause mental or physical pain to.
highly unpleasant physical sensation caused by illness or injury.
great care or trouble.

painful
(of a part of the body) affected with pain.

paint
a coloured substance which is spread over a surface and dries to leave a thin decorative or protective coating.

painter
an artist who paints pictures.

painting
cover the surface of (something) with paint.
depict (someone or something) or produce (a picture) with paint.
display a mark representing (an aircraft or vehicle) on a radar screen.
the action or skill of using paint, either in a picture or as decoration.

pair
a set of two things used together or regarded as a unit.
an article consisting of two joined or corresponding parts not used separately.

pale
a wooden stake or post used with others to form a fence.
inferior or unimpressive.
seem or become less important.
become pale in one's face from shock or fear.
light in colour or shade; containing little colour or pigment.

Palestinian
relating to Palestine or its peoples.

pant
breathe with short, quick breaths, typically from exertion or excitement.
long for or to do something.
a short, quick breath.

parade
a parade ground.
(of troops) assemble for a formal inspection or ceremonial occasion.
display (someone or something) while marching or moving around a place.
a public procession, especially one celebrating a special day or event.

parent
a person's father or mother.
be or act as a mother or father to (someone).

parking
bring (a vehicle that one is driving) to a halt and leave it temporarily, typically in a car park or by the side of the road.

partial
existing only in part; incomplete.
having a liking for.
a component of a musical sound; an overtone or harmonic.
favouring one side in a dispute above the other; biased.

participant
a person who takes part in something.

participation
the action of taking part in something.

particle
a minute portion of matter.
the least possible amount.

pass
go past or across; leave behind or on one side in proceeding.
move or cause to move in a specified direction.

passage
a movement performed in advanced dressage and classical riding, in which the horse executes a slow elevated trot, giving the impression of dancing.
the action or process of moving through or past somewhere on the way from one place to another.
the process of transition from one state to another.
a short extract from a book or other printed material.
subject (a strain of microorganisms or cells) to a passage.
a narrow way allowing access between buildings or to different rooms within a building; a passageway.

passenger
a traveller on a public or private conveyance other than the driver, pilot, or crew.

passion
strong and barely controllable emotion.
the suffering and death of Jesus.

past
gone by in time and no longer existing.
the time before the moment of speaking or writing.
to or on the further side of.
beyond in time; later than.
no longer capable of.
so as to pass from one side of something to the other.
used to indicate the lapse of time.

pasta
a dish originally from Italy consisting of dough made from durum wheat and water, extruded or stamped into various shapes and typically cooked in boiling water.

pastor
a minister in charge of a Christian church or congregation, especially in some non-episcopal churches.

path
(chiefly in computing and railway contexts) allocate a path.
a way or track laid down for walking or made by continual treading.

patrol
an expedition to keep watch over an area, especially by guards or police walking or driving around at regular intervals.
a unit of six to eight Scouts or Guides forming part of a troop.

patron
Roman History
a person who gives financial or other support to a person, organization, or cause.
a customer of a shop, restaurant, etc., especially a regular one.

pay
give (someone) money that is due for work done, goods received, or a debt incurred.
suffer a misfortune as a consequence of an action.
give (attention, respect, or a compliment) to (someone).
the money paid to someone for regular work.
seal (the deck or seams of a wooden ship) with pitch or tar to prevent leakage.

peaceful
free from disturbance; tranquil.
not involving war or violence.

peanut
the oval seed of a tropical South American plant, often roasted and salted and eaten as a snack or used to make oil or animal feed.

peel
the outer covering or rind of a fruit or vegetable.
remove the outer covering or skin from (a fruit, vegetable, or prawn).
remove a thin outer covering or part.
(of a surface or object) lose parts of its outer layer or covering in small strips or pieces.
an act of exfoliating dead skin in the cosmetic treatment of microdermabrasion.

peer
look with difficulty or concentration at someone or something.
a person of the same age, status, or ability as another specified person.
make or become equal with.
a member of the nobility in Britain or Ireland, comprising the ranks of duke, marquess, earl, viscount, and baron.

pen
an instrument for writing or drawing with ink, typically consisting of a metal nib or ball, or a nylon tip, fitted into a metal or plastic holder.
an instrument for writing or drawing with ink, typically consisting of a metal nib or ball, or a nylon tip, fitted into a metal or plastic holder.
write or compose.
a female swan.
a small enclosure in which sheep, pigs, or other farm animals are kept.
International Association of Poets, Playwrights, Editors, Essayists, and Novelists.
(in the West Indies) a farm or plantation.
put or keep (an animal) in a pen.
Peninsula.

pencil
an instrument for writing or drawing, consisting of a thin stick of graphite or a similar substance enclosed in a long thin piece of wood or fixed in a cylindrical case.

pension
a regular payment made by the state to people of or above the official retirement age and to some widows and disabled people.
dismiss someone from employment, typically because of age or ill health, and pay them a pension.

pepper
a pungent hot-tasting powder prepared from dried and ground peppercorns, used as a spice or condiment to flavour food.

per
for each (used with units to express a rate).
through; all over.

perceive
become aware or conscious of (something); come to realize or understand.
interpret or regard (someone or something) in a particular way.

perceived
become aware or conscious of (something); come to realize or understand.
interpret or regard (someone or something) in a particular way.

perception
the way in which something is regarded, understood, or interpreted.
the ability to see, hear, or become aware of something through the senses.

perform
carry out, accomplish, or fulfil (an action, task, or function).
present (a form of entertainment) to an audience.

performance
an act of presenting a play, concert, or other form of entertainment.
the action or process of performing a task or function.

permanent
lasting or intended to last or remain unchanged indefinitely.
a perm for the hair.

permit
a deep-bodied fish of the jack family, found in warm waters of the western Atlantic and Caribbean and caught for food and sport.
officially allow (someone) to do something.
an official document giving someone authorization to do something.

person
a human being regarded as an individual.
used as a neutral alternative to -man in nouns denoting professional status, a position of authority, etc.

personality
the combination of characteristics or qualities that form an individual's distinctive character.
a celebrity or famous person.

personally
with the personal presence or action of the individual specified; in person.
from one's personal standpoint; subjectively rather than objectively.

photo
a photograph.
take a photograph of.
relating to light.
relating to photography.

photograph
take a photograph of.
a picture made using a camera, in which an image is focused on to light-sensitive material and then made visible and permanent by chemical treatment, or stored digitally.

photography
the art or practice of taking and processing photographs.

physically
<b>Physical</b> indicates connected with, pertaining to, the animal or human body as a material organism: <b>physical</b> strength, exercise. Bodily means belonging to, concerned with, the human body as distinct from the mind or spirit: bodily pain or suffering.

physics
the branch of science concerned with the nature and properties of matter and energy. The subject matter of physics includes mechanics, heat, light and other radiation, sound, electricity, magnetism, and the structure of atoms.

piano
a large keyboard musical instrument with a wooden case enclosing a soundboard and metal strings, which are struck by hammers when the keys are depressed. The strings' vibration is stopped by dampers when the keys are released and can be regulated for length and volume by two or three pedals.

pick
a tool consisting of a long handle set at right angles in the middle of a curved iron or steel bar with a point at one end and a chisel edge or point at the other, used for breaking up hard ground or rock.
repeatedly pull at something with one's fingers.
pluck the strings of (a guitar or banjo).
detach and remove (a flower, fruit, or vegetable) from where it is growing.
an instrument for picking.
choose (someone or something) from a number of alternatives.
an act or the right of selecting something from a number of alternatives.
Basketball

picture
a painting or drawing.
an impression of something formed from a description.

pie
a baked dish of fruit, or meat and vegetables, typically with a top and base of pastry.
used in names of birds that resemble the magpie, especially in having black-and-white plumage, e.g. tree pie.

piece
a figure or token used to make moves in a board game.
a portion of an object or of material, produced by cutting, tearing, or breaking the whole.
a written, musical, or artistic creation.
an instance or example.
a coin of specified value.
assemble something from parts or pieces.

pile
a series of plates of dissimilar metals laid one on another alternately to produce an electric current.
a heap of things laid or lying one on top of another.
a large imposing building or group of buildings.
place (things) one on top of the other.
(of a group of people) get into or out of (a vehicle) in a disorganized manner.
a heavy stake or post driven vertically into the bed of a river, soft ground, etc., to support the foundations of a superstructure.
strengthen or support (a structure) with piles.
the soft projecting surface of a carpet or a fabric such as velvet or flannel, consisting of many small threads.

pine
an evergreen coniferous tree which has clusters of long needle-shaped leaves. Many kinds are grown for the soft timber, which is widely used for furniture and pulp, or for tar and turpentine.

pink
of a colour intermediate between red and white, as of coral or salmon.

pistol
a small firearm designed to be held in one hand.

pit
the stone of a fruit.
an area reserved or enclosed for a specific purpose, in particular:
remove the pit from (fruit).
a large hole in the ground.
a hollow or indentation in a surface.
set someone or something in conflict or competition with.
make a hollow or indentation in the surface of.
drive a racing car into the pits for fuel or maintenance.

pitch
(in brewing) add yeast to (wort) to induce fermentation.
cover, coat, or smear with pitch.
the quality of a sound governed by the rate of vibrations producing it; the degree of highness or lowness of a tone.
the steepness of a slope, especially of a roof.
a level of the intensity of something, especially a high level.
a form of words used when trying to persuade someone to buy or accept something.
set (one's voice or a piece of music) at a particular pitch.
throw roughly or casually.
make a bid to obtain a contract or other business.
set up and fix in position.
(of a moving ship, aircraft, or vehicle) rock or oscillate around a lateral axis, so that the front moves up and down.
cause (a roof) to slope downwards from the ridge.
pave (a road) with stones.
a sticky resinous black or dark brown substance that is semi-liquid when hot and hardens when cold, obtained by distilling tar or turpentine and used for waterproofing.
a swaying or oscillation of a ship, aircraft, or vehicle around a horizontal axis perpendicular to the direction of motion.

place
a position in a sequence or series, typically one ordered on the basis of merit.
put in a particular position.
find a home or employment for.
identify or classify as being of a specified type or as holding a specified position in a sequence or hierarchy.
a square or short street.
a particular position, point, or area in space; a location.
a portion of space designated or available for or being used by someone.

placement
the action of placing someone or something somewhere.

plane
an aeroplane.
a flat surface on which a straight line joining any two points on it would wholly lie.
a level of existence, thought, or development.
completely level or flat.
(of a bird or an airborne object) soar without moving the wings; glide.
travel in an aeroplane.

planet
a celestial body moving in an elliptical orbit round a star.

planner
a person who makes plans.

planning
the process of making plans for something.
decide on and make arrangements for in advance.
design or make a plan of (something to be made or built).

plant
Snooker
a place where an industrial or manufacturing process takes place.
a person placed in a group as a spy or informer.
a living organism of the kind exemplified by trees, shrubs, herbs, grasses, ferns, and mosses, typically growing in a permanent site, absorbing water and inorganic substances through its roots, and synthesizing nutrients in its leaves by photosynthesis using the green pigment chlorophyll.

player
a person taking part in a sport or game.
an actor.
a person who plays a musical instrument.

playoff
an additional match played to decide the outcome of a contest.

plead
present and argue for (a position), especially in court or in another public context.
make an emotional appeal.

pleasant
giving a sense of happy satisfaction or enjoyment.

please
cause to feel happy and satisfied.
take only one's own wishes into consideration in deciding how to act or proceed.
used in polite requests or questions.

plot
a graph showing the relation between two variables.
a plan made in secret by a group of people to do something illegal or harmful.
a small piece of ground marked out for a purpose such as building or gardening.
the main events of a play, novel, film, or similar work, devised and presented by the writer as an interrelated sequence.

plunge
jump or dive quickly and energetically.
push or thrust quickly.
an act of jumping or diving into water.

political
of or relating to the government or public affairs of a country.

politically
Full <b>Definition</b> of <b>POLITICAL</b>. 1. a : of or relating to government, a government, or the conduct of government. b : of, relating to, or concerned with the making as distinguished from the administration of governmental policy. : of, relating to, involving, or involved in politics and especially party politics.

politician
a person who is professionally involved in politics, especially as a holder of an elected office.

pollution
the presence in or introduction into the environment of a substance which has harmful or poisonous effects.

poor
lacking sufficient money to live at a standard considered comfortable or normal in a society.
of a low or inferior standard or quality.
(of a person) deserving of pity or sympathy.

pop
make or cause to make a light explosive sound.
go somewhere for a short time, often without notice.
(of a person's eyes) open wide and appear to bulge, especially with surprise.

popular
liked or admired by many people or by a particular person or group.
(of political activity) carried on by the people as a whole rather than restricted to politicians or political parties.
(of cultural activities or products) intended for or suited to the taste, understanding, or means of the general public rather than specialists or intellectuals.

popularity
the state or condition of being liked, admired, or supported by many people.

population
all the inhabitants of a particular place.

porch
a covered shelter projecting in front of the entrance of a building.

pork
the flesh of a pig used as food, especially when uncured.

portion
divide (something) into parts and share out.
a part of a whole.

portrait
denoting a format of printed matter which is higher than it is wide.
a painting, drawing, photograph, or engraving of a person, especially one depicting only the face or head and shoulders.

position
a place where someone or something is located or has been put.
a particular way in which someone or something is placed or arranged.
a situation, especially as it affects one's power to act.
a person's point of view or attitude towards something.
the extent to which an investor, dealer, or speculator has made a commitment in the market by buying or selling securities.
put or arrange (someone or something) in a particular place or way.

positive
consisting in or characterized by the presence rather than the absence of distinguishing features.
(of a quantity) greater than zero.
(of a photographic image) showing lights and shades or colours true to the original.
a number greater than zero.
constructive, optimistic, or confident.
with no possibility of doubt; definite.
containing, producing, or denoting an electric charge opposite to that carried by electrons.
a desirable or constructive quality or attribute.
a positive photographic image, especially one printed from a negative.
a result of a test or experiment indicating that a certain substance or condition is present or exists.
the part of an electric circuit that is at a higher electrical potential than another point designated as having zero electrical potential.

possess
have as belonging to one; own.
(of a demon or spirit, especially an evil one) have complete power over (someone) and be manifested through their speech or actions.

possible
able to be done or achieved.
that may exist or happen, but that is not certain or probable.
a potential candidate for a job or team.

post
an online posting.
display (a notice) in a public place.
announce or publish (something, especially a financial result).
(of a player or team) achieve or record (a particular score or result).
(in bookkeeping) enter (an item) in a ledger.
with haste.
a position of paid employment; a job.
a place where someone is on duty or where a particular activity is carried out.
send (someone) to a place to take up an appointment.
subsequent to; after.
after in time or order.
a long, sturdy piece of timber or metal set upright in the ground and used as a support or marker.

potential
having or showing the capacity to develop into something in the future.
latent qualities or abilities that may be developed and lead to future success or usefulness.

potentially
2. : expressing possibility; specifically : of, relating to, or constituting a verb phrase expressing possibility, liberty, or power by the use of an auxiliary with the infinitive of the verb (as in it may rain)  potentially \-ten(t)-sh(-)l\ adverb. See potential defined for English-language learners.

pound
shut (an animal) in a pound.
a unit of weight equal to 16 oz. avoirdupois (0.4536 kg), or 12 oz. troy (0.3732 kg).
the basic monetary unit of the UK, equal to 100 pence.
strike or hit heavily and repeatedly.
crush or grind (something) into a powder or paste.
a place where stray animals, especially dogs, may be officially taken and kept until claimed by their owners.

pour
flow rapidly in a steady stream.
(of rain) fall heavily.

poverty
the state of being extremely poor.
the state of being inferior in quality or insufficient in amount.

powerful
having great power or strength.
very.

practically
virtually; almost.
in a practical manner.

praise
the expression of respect and gratitude as an act of worship.
express warm approval or admiration of.
express one's respect and gratitude towards (a deity), especially in song.
the expression of approval or admiration for someone or something.

pray
address a prayer to God or another deity.
used as a preface to polite requests or instructions.

preach
deliver a sermon or religious address to an assembled group of people, typically in church.

precise
marked by exactness and accuracy of expression or detail.

precisely
in exact terms; without vagueness.

premium
an amount to be paid for a contract of insurance.
a sum added to an ordinary price or charge.
something given as a reward, prize, or incentive.

preparation
the action or process of preparing or being prepared for use or consideration.
a substance that is specially made up, especially a medicine or food.

prepare
make (something) ready for use or consideration.
make (someone) ready or able to do or deal with something.

prescription
an instruction written by a medical practitioner that authorizes a patient to be issued with a medicine or treatment.
a recommendation that is authoritatively put forward.

presentation
a speech or talk in which a new product, idea, or piece of work is shown and explained to an audience.
the giving of something to someone, especially as part of a formal ceremony.

presidency
the office of president.

presidential
Definition of PRESIDENTIAL GOVERNMENT. : a system of government in which the president is constitutionally independent of the legislature.

presumably
used to convey that what is asserted is very likely though not known for certain.

pretend
behave so as to make it appear that something is the case when in fact it is not.
lay claim to (a quality or title).
not really what it is represented as being; imaginary.

pretty
(of a person, especially a woman or child) attractive in a delicate way without being truly beautiful.

prevail
prove more powerful or superior.
persuade (someone) to do something.

price
discover or establish the price of (something for sale).
an unwelcome experience or action undergone or done as a condition of achieving an objective.
decide the amount required as payment for (something offered for sale).
the amount of money expected, required, or given in payment for something.

pride
a group of lions forming a social unit.
consciousness of one's own dignity.
be especially proud of (a particular quality or skill).
a feeling of deep pleasure or satisfaction derived from one's own achievements, the achievements of one's close associates, or from qualities or possessions that are widely admired.

primarily
for the most part; mainly.

prime
a prime number.
Fencing
a special section in a cycle race, attracting a special prize.
of first importance; main.
of the best possible quality; excellent.
the state or time of greatest vigour or success in a person's life.
make (something) ready for use or action, in particular:
prepare (someone) for a situation, typically by supplying them with relevant information.

principal
a main rafter supporting purlins.
denoting an original sum invested or lent.
first in order of importance; main.
the most important or senior person in an organization or group.
a sum of money lent or invested, on which interest is paid.
a person for whom another acts as an agent or representative.
an organ stop sounding a main register of open flue pipes typically an octave above the diapason.

principle
a fundamental truth or proposition that serves as the foundation for a system of belief or behaviour or for a chain of reasoning.
a general scientific theorem or law that has numerous special applications across a wide field.

print
produce (books, newspapers, etc.), especially in large quantities, by a mechanical process involving the transfer of text or designs to paper.
write (text) clearly without joining the letters together.

privacy
a state in which one is not observed or disturbed by other people.

privately
in a private way, manner, or capacity.

privilege
a special right, advantage, or immunity granted or available only to a particular person or group.
grant a privilege or privileges to.

prize
a thing given as a reward to the winner of a competition or in recognition of an outstanding achievement.
value extremely highly.
use force in order to move, move apart, or open (something).
having been or likely to be awarded a prize in a competition.

pro
a prostitute.
Public Record Office.
public relations officer.
a professional, especially in sport.
(of a person or an event) professional.
an advantage or argument in favour of something.
in favour of.
favouring; supporting.
acting as a substitute or deputy for.
denoting motion forwards, out, or away.
before in time, place, order, etc.

probably
almost certainly; as far as one knows or can tell.

problem
a matter or situation regarded as unwelcome or harmful and needing to be dealt with and overcome.

processing
walk or march in procession.
perform a series of mechanical or chemical operations on (something) in order to change or preserve it.

processor
a machine that processes something.

proclaim
announce officially or publicly.
indicate clearly.

production
the action of making or manufacturing from components or raw materials, or the process of being so manufactured.
the provision of something for consideration, inspection, or use.
the process of or management involved in making a film, play, or record.

productive
producing or able to produce large amounts of goods, crops, or other commodities.

programming
the process of writing computer programs.

progressive
happening or developing gradually or in stages.
(of a person or idea) favouring social reform.

project
present or promote (a particular view or image).
throw or cause to move forward or outward.
extend outwards beyond something else; protrude.
estimate or forecast (something) on the basis of present trends.
an individual or collaborative enterprise that is carefully planned to achieve a particular aim.
make a projection of (the earth, sky, etc.) on a plane surface.

prominent
a stout drab-coloured moth with tufts on the forewings which stick up while at rest, the caterpillars of which typically have fleshy growths on the back.
important; famous.
projecting from something; protuberant.
situated so as to catch the attention; noticeable.

promote
support or actively encourage (a cause, venture, etc.); further the progress of.
raise (someone) to a higher position or rank.

proof
the strength of distilled alcoholic spirits, relative to proof spirit taken as a standard of 100.
evidence or argument establishing a fact or the truth of a statement.

proper
of the required or correct type or form; suitable or appropriate.
belonging or relating exclusively or distinctively to; particular to.
satisfactorily or correctly.
the part of a church service that varies with the season or feast.

proportion
a part, share, or number considered in comparative relation to a whole.
adjust or regulate (something) so that it has a particular or suitable relationship to something else.

proposal
a plan or suggestion, especially a formal or written one, put forward for consideration by others.
an offer of marriage.

propose
put forward (a plan or suggestion) for consideration by others.
make an offer of marriage to someone.

proposed
put forward (a plan or suggestion) for consideration by others.
make an offer of marriage to someone.

prosecutor
a person, especially a public official, who institutes legal proceedings against someone.

prospect
the possibility or likelihood of some future event occurring.
a person regarded as likely to succeed or as a potential customer, client, etc.
an extensive view of landscape.
search for mineral deposits, especially by drilling and excavation.
a place likely to yield mineral deposits.

protect
keep safe from harm or injury.

protection
the action of protecting, or the state of being protected.

protective
intended to protect someone or something.
a thing that protects someone or something.

protest
a statement or action expressing disapproval of or objection to something.

proud
having or showing a high or excessively high opinion of oneself or one's importance.
feeling deep pleasure or satisfaction as a result of one's own achievements, qualities, or possessions or those of someone with whom one is closely associated.

provider
a person or thing that provides something.

province
a principal administrative division of a country or empire.
an area of special knowledge, interest, or responsibility.

provision
the action of providing or supplying something for use.
an amount or thing supplied or provided.
a condition or requirement in a legal document.
supply with food, drink, or equipment, especially for a journey.
set aside an amount in an organization's accounts for a known liability.

provoke
stimulate or give rise to (a reaction or emotion, typically a strong or unwelcome one) in someone.

psychological
of, affecting, or arising in the mind; related to the mental and emotional state of a person.

psychologist
an expert or specialist in psychology.

psychology
the scientific study of the human mind and its functions, especially those affecting behaviour in a given context.
the mental characteristics or attitude of a person or group.

public
of or concerning the people as a whole.
done, perceived, or existing in open view.
of or provided by the state rather than an independent, commercial company.

publication
the preparation and issuing of a book, journal, or piece of music for public sale.

publicity
notice or attention given to someone or something by the media.

pulse
the central point of energy and organization in an area or activity.
throb rhythmically; pulsate.
modulate (a wave or beam) so that it becomes a series of pulses.
a single vibration or short burst of sound, electric current, light, or other wave.
the edible seed of a leguminous plant, for example a chickpea, lentil, or bean.
a rhythmical throbbing of the arteries as blood is propelled through them, typically as felt in the wrists or neck.

pump
force (liquid, gas, etc.) to move by or as if by means of a pump.
fill (something such as a tyre or balloon) with liquid or gas using a pump.
move vigorously up and down.
a light shoe, in particular:
a mechanical device using suction or pressure to raise or move liquids, compress gases, or force air into inflatable objects such as tyres.

purse
(with reference to the lips) pucker or contract, typically to express disapproval or irritation.

pursue
follow or chase (someone or something).
continue or proceed along (a path or route).

pursuit
the action of pursuing someone or something.
an activity of a specified kind, especially a recreational or sporting one.

push
exert force on (someone or something) in order to move them away from oneself.
move forward by using force to pass people or cause them to move aside.
compel or urge (someone) to do something, especially to work hard.
a vigorous effort to do or obtain something.
an act of pushing someone or something in order to move them away from oneself.

puzzle
cause (someone) to feel confused because they cannot understand something.
a game, toy, or problem designed to test ingenuity or knowledge.

quarter
one fourth of a pound weight (avoirdupois, equal to 4 ounces).
each of four equal or corresponding parts into which something is or can be divided.
the haunches or hindquarters of a horse.
a part of a town or city having a particular character or use.
the direction of one of the points of the compass, especially as a direction from which the wind blows.
rooms or lodgings, especially those allocated to people in military or domestic service.
pity or mercy shown towards an enemy or opponent who is in one's power.
divide into four equal or corresponding parts.
be stationed or lodged in a specified place.
range over or traverse (an area) in every direction.

quarterback
a player stationed behind the centre who directs a team's offensive play.

question
a sentence worded or expressed so as to elicit information.
a matter requiring resolution or discussion.
ask (someone) questions, especially in an official context.

questionnaire
a set of printed or written questions with a choice of answers, devised for the purposes of a survey or statistical study.

quick
the soft tender flesh below the growing part of a fingernail or toenail.
prompt to understand, think, or learn; intelligent.
at a fast rate; quickly.
moving fast or doing something in a short time.

quickly
at a fast speed; rapidly.

quit
leave (a place), usually permanently.
rid of.
used in names of various small songbirds found in the Caribbean area, e.g. <i>bananaquit</i>, <i>grassquit</i>.

quite
to the utmost or most absolute extent or degree; absolutely; completely.
to a certain or fairly significant extent or degree; fairly.
expressing agreement with or understanding of a remark or statement.

quote
repeat or copy out (words from a text or speech written or spoken by another person).
give someone (the estimated price of a job or service).

rabbit
a gregarious burrowing plant-eating mammal, with long ears, long hind legs, and a short tail.

race
a competition between runners, horses, vehicles, etc. to see which is the fastest in covering a set course.
a groove, channel, or passage, in particular:
a ginger root.
compete with another or others to see who is fastest at covering a set course or achieving an objective.
move or progress swiftly or at full speed.
each of the major divisions of humankind, having distinct physical characteristics.
a strong or rapid current flowing through a narrow channel in the sea or a river.

racial
relating to race.

racism
the belief that all members of each race possess characteristics, abilities, or qualities specific to that race, especially so as to distinguish it as inferior or superior to another race or races.

radical
the root or base form of a word.
relating to the root of something, in particular:
(especially of change or action) relating to or affecting the fundamental nature of something; far-reaching or thorough.
characterized by departure from tradition; innovative or progressive.
a person who advocates thorough or complete political or social reform; a member of a political party or part of a party pursuing such aims.

radio
the transmission and reception of electromagnetic waves of radio frequency, especially those carrying sound messages.

raise
lift or move to a higher position or level.
increase the amount, level, or strength of.
cause to occur or to be considered.
collect, levy, or bring together (money or resources).
bring up (a child).
bring (someone) back from death.

rally
(of troops) come together again in order to continue fighting after a defeat or dispersion.
recover or cause to recover in health, spirits, or poise.
drive in a rally.

random
made, done, or happening without method or conscious decision.

rank
a position in the hierarchy of the armed forces.
the people belonging to or constituting a group or class.
give (someone or something) a rank or place within a grading system.
arrange in a row or rows.
(of vegetation) growing too thickly and coarsely.
having a foul or offensive smell.
(especially of something bad or deficient) complete and utter (used for emphasis).
a single line of soldiers or police officers drawn up abreast.

rapid
happening in a short time or at a great rate.
a fast-flowing and turbulent part of the course of a river.

rapidly
very quickly; at a great rate.

rare
(of an event, situation, or condition) not occurring very often.
(of meat, especially beef) lightly cooked, so that the inside is still red.

rarely
not often; seldom.

reaction
something done, felt, or thought in response to a situation or event.
a chemical process in which substances act mutually on each other and are changed into different substances, or one substance changes into other substances.

read
discover (information) by reading it in a written or printed source.
understand or interpret the nature or significance of.
inspect and record the figure indicated on (a measuring instrument).
(of a computer) copy, transfer, or interpret (data).
present (a bill or other measure) before a legislative assembly.
hear and understand the words of (someone speaking on a radio transmitter).
a period or act of reading something.
look at and comprehend the meaning of (written or printed matter) by interpreting the characters or symbols of which it is composed.

reader
a person who reads or who is fond of reading.

readily
without hesitation or reluctance; willingly.

reading
the action or skill of reading.
a particular interpretation of a text or situation.
a stage of debate in parliament through which a Bill must pass before it can become law.
discover (information) by reading it in a written or printed source.
understand or interpret the nature or significance of.
inspect and record the figure indicated on (a measuring instrument).
(of a computer) copy, transfer, or interpret (data).
present (a bill or other measure) before a legislative assembly.
hear and understand the words of (someone speaking on a radio transmitter).
a figure or amount shown by a meter or other measuring instrument.
an occasion at which pieces of literature are read to an audience.
look at and comprehend the meaning of (written or printed matter) by interpreting the characters or symbols of which it is composed.

realistic
having or showing a sensible and practical idea of what can be achieved or expected.
representing things in a way that is accurate and true to life.

reality
the state of things as they actually exist, as opposed to an idealistic or notional idea of them.
the state or quality of having existence or substance.

really
in actual fact, as opposed to what is said or imagined to be true or possible.
very; thoroughly.
used to express interest, surprise, or doubt.

realm
a kingdom.

rear
the back part of something, especially a building or vehicle.
at the back.
bring up and care for (a child) until they are fully grown.
(of a horse or other animal) raise itself upright on its hind legs.

reason
a cause, explanation, or justification for an action or event.
the power of the mind to think, understand, and form judgements logically.
think, understand, and form judgements logically.

receive
(in tennis and similar games) be the player to whom the server serves (the ball).
be given, presented with, or paid (something).
suffer, experience, or be subject to (specified treatment).
greet or welcome (a visitor) formally.
form (an idea or impression) as a result of perception or experience.
detect or pick up (broadcast signals).
serve as a receptacle for.
eat or drink (the Eucharistic bread or wine).

receiver
a person who gets or accepts something that has been sent or given to them.
a person or company appointed by a court to manage the financial affairs of a business or person that has gone bankrupt.
the part of a telephone apparatus contained in the earpiece, in which electrical signals are converted into sounds.

recent
having happened, begun, or been done not long ago; belonging to a past period comparatively close to the present.

recession
a period of temporary economic decline during which trade and industrial activity are reduced, generally identified by a fall in GDP in two successive quarters.

recipe
a set of instructions for preparing a particular dish, including a list of the ingredients required.

recipient
a person or thing that receives or is awarded something.
receiving or capable of receiving something.

recognition
the action or process of recognizing or being recognized, in particular:

recommendation
a suggestion or proposal as to the best course of action, especially one put forward by an authoritative body.

record
a thin plastic disc carrying recorded sound in grooves on each surface, for reproduction by a record player.
the sum of the past achievements or performance of a person, organization, or thing.
the best performance or most remarkable event of its kind.
set down in writing or some other permanent form for later reference.
convert (sound or a performance) into a permanent form for subsequent reproduction or broadcast.
a thing constituting a piece of evidence about the past, especially an account kept in writing or some other permanent form.

recovery
a return to a normal state of health, mind, or strength.
the action or process of regaining possession or control of something stolen or lost.
the process of removing or extracting an energy source or industrial chemical for use, reuse, or waste treatment.

recruit
enlist (someone) in the armed forces.

reduce
make smaller or less in amount, degree, or size.
bring someone or something to (a worse or less desirable state or condition).
change a substance to (a different or more basic form).
restore (a dislocated part of the body) to its proper position by manipulation or surgery.

reduction
a thing that is made smaller or less in size or amount, in particular:
the action or fact of making something smaller or less in amount, degree, or size.
the action of remedying a dislocation or fracture by returning the affected part of the body to its normal position.

reflection
serious thought or consideration.
the throwing back by a body or surface of light, heat, or sound without absorbing it.

reform
make changes in (something, especially an institution or practice) in order to improve it.

refuge
the state of being safe or sheltered from pursuit, danger, or difficulty.

refugee
a person who has been forced to leave their country in order to escape war, persecution, or natural disaster.

refuse
indicate or show that one is not willing to do something.
matter thrown away or rejected as worthless; rubbish.

regain
obtain possession or use of (something, typically a quality or ability) again after losing it.

regular
a regular customer, member of a team, etc.
recurring at uniform intervals.
conforming to or governed by an accepted standard of procedure or convention.
used, done, or happening on a habitual basis; usual.
arranged in or constituting a constant or definite pattern, especially with the same space between individual instances.

regulate
control or maintain the rate or speed of (a machine or process) so that it operates properly.

regulation
the action or process of regulating or being regulated.
a rule or directive made and maintained by an authority.

relate
make or show a connection between.
feel sympathy for or identify with.
give an account of; narrate.

related
belonging to the same family, group, or type; connected.
make or show a connection between.
feel sympathy for or identify with.
give an account of; narrate.

relationship
the way in which two or more people or things are connected, or the state of being connected.

relax
make or become less tense or anxious.
make (a rule or restriction) less strict.

release
allow or enable to escape from confinement; set free.
allow (something) to move, act, or flow freely.
allow (information) to be generally available.
the action or process of releasing or being released.
the action of making a film, recording, or other product available to the public.

relevant
closely connected or appropriate to the matter in hand.

relieve
cause (pain, distress, or difficulty) to become less severe or serious.
release (someone) from duty by taking their place.
take (a burden) from someone.
make less tedious or monotonous by the introduction of variety.
used as a formal or euphemistic expression for urination or defecation.

religion
the belief in and worship of a superhuman controlling power, especially a personal God or gods.

religious
a person bound by monastic vows.
relating to or believing in a religion.

remaining
still existing, present, or in use; surviving.
not yet used, dealt with, or resolved; outstanding.
still to happen; future.
be left over or outstanding after others or other parts have been completed, used, or dealt with.
continue to exist, especially after other similar people or things have ceased to do so.

remark
say something as a comment; mention.
regard with attention; notice.
a written or spoken comment.

remind
cause (someone) to remember someone or something.
cause (someone) to fulfil an obligation or to take note of something.

reminder
a thing that causes someone to remember something.

remove
take (something) away or off from the position occupied.
abolish or get rid of.
be distant from.
separated by a particular number of steps of descent.
a degree of remoteness or separation.

render
covertly send (a foreign criminal or terrorist suspect) for interrogation abroad; subject to extraordinary rendition.
a first coat of plaster applied to a brick or stone surface.
provide or give (a service, help, etc.).
cause to be or become; make.
represent or depict artistically.
melt down (fat) in order to clarify it.
cover (stone or brick) with a coat of plaster.

repair
restore (something damaged, faulty, or worn) to a good condition.
the action of repairing something.
go to (a place), especially in company.
frequent or habitual visiting of a place.

repeat
say again something one has already said.
do (something) again or more than once.

repeatedly
over and over again; constantly.

replace
take the place of.
put (something) back in a previous place or position.

report
an employee who reports to another employee.
give a spoken or written account of something that one has observed, heard, done, or investigated.
present oneself formally as having arrived at a particular place or as ready to do something.
be responsible to (a superior or supervisor).
a piece of information that is unsupported by firm evidence.
a sudden loud noise of or like an explosion or gunfire.
an account given of a particular matter, especially in the form of an official document, after thorough investigation or consideration by an appointed person or body.

reportedly
according to what some say (used to express the speaker's belief that the information given is not necessarily true).

reporting
give a spoken or written account of something that one has observed, heard, done, or investigated.
present oneself formally as having arrived at a particular place or as ready to do something.
be responsible to (a superior or supervisor).

represent
be entitled or appointed to act or speak for (someone), especially in an official capacity.
constitute; amount to.
depict (a particular subject) in a work of art.

representation
the action of speaking or acting on behalf of someone or the state of being so represented.
the description or portrayal of someone or something in a particular way.
formal statements made to an authority, especially so as to communicate an opinion or register a protest.

representative
typical of a class, group, or body of opinion.
(of a legislative assembly or deliberative body) consisting of people chosen to act and speak on behalf of a wider group.
serving as a portrayal or symbol of something.

research
the systematic investigation into and study of materials and sources in order to establish facts and reach new conclusions.
investigate systematically.

resemble
have a similar appearance to or qualities in common with (someone or something); look or seem like.

reservation
the action of reserving something.
an expression of doubt qualifying overall approval of a plan or statement.
an area of land set aside for occupation by North American Indians or Australian Aborigines.

reserve
(in the decoration of ceramics or textiles) an area in which the original material or background colour remains visible.
an extra player in a team, serving as a possible substitute.
a place set aside for special use, in particular:
retain for future use.
arrange for (a room, seat, ticket, etc.) to be kept for the use of a particular person.
refrain from delivering (a judgement or decision) without due consideration or evidence.
a supply of a commodity not needed for immediate use but available if required.
a lack of warmth or openness in manner or expression.
retain for future use.
a body of troops withheld from action to reinforce or protect others, or additional to the regular forces and available in an emergency.

residence
a person's home, especially a large and impressive one.

resist
withstand the action or effect of.
a resistant substance applied as a coating to protect a surface during a process, for example to prevent dye or glaze adhering.

resistance
the degree to which a substance or device opposes the passage of an electric current, causing energy dissipation. By Ohm's law resistance (measured in ohms) is equal to the voltage divided by the current.
the refusal to accept or comply with something.
the ability not to be affected by something, especially adversely.
the impeding or stopping effect exerted by one material thing on another.

resolve
decide firmly on a course of action.
settle or find a solution to (a problem or contentious matter).
(of something seen at a distance) turn into a different form when seen more clearly.
firm determination to do something.

respectively
separately or individually and in the order already mentioned (used when enumerating two or more items or facts that refer back to a previous statement).

respond
(of a person) do something as a reaction to someone or something.
say something in reply.

responsible
having an obligation to do something, or having control over or care for someone, as part of one's job or role.
being the primary cause of something and so able to be blamed or credited for it.
(of a job or position) involving important duties, independent decision-making, or control over others.

rest
be based on; depend on.
an instance or period of resting.
a rally in real tennis.
cease work or movement in order to relax, sleep, or recover strength.
be placed or supported so as to stay in a specified position.
an object that is used to support something.
the remaining part of something.
remain or be left in a specified condition.

restaurant
a place where people pay to sit and eat meals that are cooked and served on the premises.

restrict
put a limit on; keep under control.

restriction
a limiting condition or measure, especially a legal one.

result
a thing that is caused or produced by something else; a consequence or outcome.
an item of information obtained by experiment or some other scientific method; a quantity or formula obtained by calculation.
occur or follow as the consequence of something.

resume
a summary.
begin again or continue after a pause or interruption.

retain
continue to have (something); keep possession of.
absorb and continue to hold (a substance).
keep (something) in place; hold fixed.
keep (someone) engaged in one's service.

retire
Economics
leave one's job and cease to work, typically on reaching the normal age for leaving service.
withdraw to or from a particular place.
a movement in which one leg is raised at right angles to the body until the toe is in line with the knee of the supporting leg.

return
come or go back to a place or person.
give, put, or send (something) back to a place or person.
yield or make (a profit).
(of an electorate) elect (a person or party) to office.
an act of coming or going back to a place or activity.
a profit from an investment.
an official report or statement submitted in response to a formal demand.
election to office.
a mechanism or key on a typewriter that returns the carriage to a fixed position at the start of a new line.

reveal
either side surface of an aperture in a wall for a door or window.
make (previously unknown or secret information) known to others.
(in a film or television programme) a final revelation of information that has previously been kept from the characters or viewers.

revelation
a surprising and previously unknown fact that has been disclosed to others.
the divine or supernatural disclosure to humans of something relating to human existence.

reverse
move backwards.
make (something) the opposite of what it was.
turn (something) the other way round or up or inside out.
a complete change of direction or action.
the opposite to that previously stated.
an adverse change of fortune; a setback or defeat.
the opposite side or face to the observer.
going in or turned towards the direction opposite to that previously stated.

reward
a thing given in recognition of service, effort, or achievement.
give something to (someone) in recognition of their services, efforts, or achievements.

rhetoric
the art of effective or persuasive speaking or writing, especially the exploitation of figures of speech and other compositional techniques.

rhythm
a strong, regular repeated pattern of movement or sound.
the measured flow of words and phrases in verse or prose as determined by the relation of long and short or stressed and unstressed syllables.
a regularly recurring sequence of events or processes.

rib
each of a series of slender curved bones articulated in pairs to the spine (twelve pairs in humans), protecting the thoracic cavity and its organs.

ribbon
a long, narrow strip of fabric, used for tying something or for decoration.

rice
a swamp grass which is widely cultivated as a source of food, especially in Asia.

rim
the upper or outer edge of an object, typically something circular or approximately circular.
form or act as an outer edge or rim for.

ring
a small circular band, typically of precious metal and often set with one or more gemstones, worn on a finger as an ornament or a token of marriage, engagement, or authority.
an enclosed space, surrounded by seating for spectators, in which a sport, performance, or show takes place.
a ring-shaped or circular object.
a group of people engaged in a shared enterprise, especially one involving illegal or unscrupulous activity.
surround (someone or something), especially for protection or containment.
Ornithology
make a clear resonant or vibrating sound.
(of a place) resound or reverberate with (a sound or sounds).
an act of ringing a bell, or the resonant sound caused by this.
a particular quality conveyed by something heard or expressed.

riot
an impressively large or varied display of something.
take part in a violent public disturbance.
a violent disturbance of the peace by a crowd.

rip
tear or pull (something) quickly or forcibly away from something or someone.
move forcefully and rapidly.

rise
move from a lower position to a higher one; come or go up.
get up from lying, sitting, or kneeling.
cease to be submissive, obedient, or peaceful.
(of a river) have its source.
(of land or a natural feature) incline upwards; become higher.
increase in number, size, amount, or degree.
approaching (a specified age).
an upward movement; an instance of rising.
an increase in number, size, amount, or degree.
an increase in sound or pitch.
a source or origin.

risky
full of the possibility of danger, failure, or loss.
risqu.

rival
a person or thing competing with another for the same objective or for superiority in the same field of activity.
be or seem to be equal or comparable to.

river
a large natural stream of water flowing in a channel to the sea, a lake, or another river.

robot
a machine capable of carrying out a complex series of actions automatically, especially one programmable by a computer.
another term for crawler

rock
the solid mineral material forming part of the surface of the earth and other similar planets, exposed on the surface or underlying the soil.
a large piece of rock which has become detached from a cliff or mountain; a boulder.
used to refer to someone or something that is extremely strong, reliable, or hard.
(especially with allusion to shipwrecks) a source of danger or destruction.

rocket
a cylindrical projectile that can be propelled to a great height or distance by the combustion of its contents, used typically as a firework or signal.
attack with rocket-propelled missiles.
(of an amount, price, etc.) increase very rapidly and suddenly.

rolling
moving by turning over and over on an axis.

romance
a feeling of excitement and mystery associated with love.
a quality or feeling of mystery, excitement, and remoteness from everyday life.
a medieval tale dealing with a hero of chivalry, of the kind common in the Romance languages.

romantic
conducive to or characterized by the expression of love.
of, characterized by, or suggestive of an idealized view of reality.
relating to or denoting the movement of romanticism.

root
the basic cause, source, or origin of something.
the part of a plant which attaches it to the ground or to a support, typically underground, conveying water and nourishment to the rest of the plant via numerous branches and fibres.

rope
a quantity of roughly spherical objects such as onions or beads strung together.
a length of thick strong cord made by twisting together strands of hemp, sisal, nylon, or similar material.

rough
having an uneven or irregular surface; not smooth or level.
(of a person or their behaviour) not gentle; violent or boisterous.
not finished tidily or decoratively; plain and basic.
(of a voice) harsh and rasping.
not exact or precise; approximate.
in a manner that lacks gentleness; harshly or violently.
a preliminary sketch.
an uncut precious stone.
work or shape (something) in a rough, preliminary fashion.
make uneven.
(on a golf course) longer grass around the fairway and the green.

route
send or direct along a specified course.
a way or course taken in getting from a starting point to a destination.

routine
a sequence of actions regularly followed.
performed as part of a regular procedure rather than for a special reason.
organize according to a routine.

routinely
a customary or regular course of procedure. commonplace tasks, chores, or duties as must be done regularly or at specified intervals; typical or everyday activity: the routine of an office. regular, unvarying, habitual, unimaginative, or rote procedure.

rub
apply firm pressure to the surface of (something), using a repeated back and forth motion.
(with reference to two things) move or cause to move to and fro against each other with a certain amount of friction.
an act of rubbing.
the central problem or difficulty in a situation.
Bowls

rule
one of a set of explicit or understood regulations or principles governing conduct or procedure within a particular area of activity.
control of or dominion over an area or people.
the normal or customary state of things.
exercise ultimate power or authority over (an area and its people).
pronounce authoritatively and legally to be the case.
make parallel lines across (paper).
(of a price or a traded commodity with regard to its price) have a specified general level or strength.
a strip of wood or other rigid material used for measuring length or marking straight lines; a ruler.

rumor
a currently circulating story or report of uncertain or doubtful truth.
be circulated as an unverified account.

running
the action or movement of a runner.
the action of managing or operating something.
denoting something that runs, in particular:
done while running.
continuous or recurring over a long period.
move at a speed faster than a walk, never having both or all the feet on the ground at the same time.
pass or cause to pass quickly in a particular direction.
(with reference to a liquid) flow or cause to flow.
extend or cause to extend in a particular direction.
(of a bus, train, ferry, or other form of transport) make a regular journey on a particular route.
be in charge of; manage.
be in or cause to be in operation; function or cause to function.
continue or be valid or operative for a particular period of time.
pass into or reach a specified state or level.
stand as a candidate in an election.
publish or be published in a newspaper or magazine.
bring (goods) into a country illegally and secretly; smuggle.
(of a quality, trait, or condition) be common or inherent in members of (a family), especially over several generations.

Russian
relating to Russia, its people, or their language.

sacred
connected with God or a god or dedicated to a religious purpose and so deserving veneration.

sacrifice
an act of slaughtering an animal or person or surrendering a possession as an offering to a deity.

sad
feeling or showing sorrow; unhappy.
(of dough) heavy through having failed to rise.
seasonal affective disorder.

safe
protected from or not exposed to danger or risk; not likely to be harmed or lost.
not likely to cause or lead to harm or injury; not involving danger or risk.
based on good reasons or evidence and not likely to be proved wrong.

safely
secure from liability to harm, injury, danger, or risk: a <b>safe</b> place. free from hurt, injury, danger, or risk: to arrive <b>safe</b> and sound. involving little or no risk of mishap, error, etc.:

salt
a white crystalline substance which gives seawater its characteristic taste and is used for seasoning or preserving food.

sample
a small part or quantity intended to show what the whole is like.
a sound or piece of music created by sampling.
take a sample or samples of (something) for analysis.

sanction
a threatened penalty for disobeying a law or rule.
official permission or approval for an action.
give official permission or approval for (an action).
impose a sanction or penalty on.

sand
a light yellow-brown colour like that of sand.
a loose granular substance, typically pale yellowish brown, resulting from the erosion of siliceous and other rocks and forming a major constituent of beaches, river beds, the seabed, and deserts.

satellite
an artificial body placed in orbit round the earth or another planet in order to collect information or for communication.
something that is separated from or on the periphery of something else but is nevertheless dependent on or controlled by it.

satisfy
provide (someone) with adequate or convincing information or proof about something.
meet the expectations, needs, or desires of (someone).

saving
an economy of or reduction in money, time, or another resource.
the money one has saved, especially through a bank or official scheme.

say
utter words so as to convey information, an opinion, a feeling or intention, or an instruction.
assume something in order to work out what its consequences would be; make a hypothesis.
used to express surprise or to draw attention to a remark or question.
an opportunity for stating one's opinion or feelings.

scare
cause great fear or nervousness in; frighten.
a sudden attack of fright.

scared
fearful; frightened.
cause great fear or nervousness in; frighten.

scary
frightening; causing fear.

scenario
a written outline of a film, novel, or stage work giving details of the plot and individual scenes.

scene
the place where an incident in real life or fiction occurs or occurred.
a sequence of continuous action in a play, film, opera, or book.

scent
a distinctive smell, especially one that is pleasant.
a trail indicated by the characteristic smell of an animal and perceptible to hounds or other animals.

schedule
(with reference to the British system of income tax) any of the forms (named A, B, etc.) issued for completion and relating to the various classes into which taxable income is divided.
a plan for carrying out a process or procedure, giving lists of intended events and times.
arrange or plan (an event) to take place at a particular time.

scheme
a large-scale systematic plan or arrangement for attaining some particular object or putting a particular idea into effect.
make plans, especially in a devious way or with intent to do something illegal or wrong.
arrange according to a colour scheme.

scholarship
academic study or achievement; learning at a high level.
a grant or payment made to support a student's education, awarded on the basis of academic or other achievement.

school
an institution for educating children.
any institution at which instruction is given in a particular discipline.
a large group of fish or sea mammals.
a group of people, particularly writers, artists, or philosophers, sharing similar ideas or methods.
Riding
(of a Xhosa) educated and westernized.
(of fish or sea mammals) form a large group.

science
the intellectual and practical activity encompassing the systematic study of the structure and behaviour of the physical and natural world through observation and experiment.

scientific
based on or characterized by the methods and principles of science.

score
the number of points, goals, runs, etc. achieved in a game or by a team or an individual.
a group or set of twenty or about twenty.
a written representation of a musical composition showing all the vocal and instrumental parts arranged one below the other.
a notch or line cut or scratched into a surface.
gain (a point, goal, run, etc.) in a competitive game.
orchestrate or arrange (a piece of music), typically for a specified instrument or instruments.
cut or scratch a notch or line on (a surface).

scream
give a long, loud, piercing cry or cries expressing extreme emotion or pain.
make a loud, high-pitched sound.

screening
a showing of a film, video, or television programme.

sculpture
make or represent (a form) by carving, casting, or other shaping techniques.
the art of making two- or three-dimensional representative or abstract forms, especially by carving stone or wood or by casting metal or plaster.

search
an act of searching for someone or something.

seat
a thing made or used for sitting on, such as a chair or stool.
a principal site or location.
a part of a machine that supports or guides another part.
a person's buttocks.
a place in an elected legislative or other body.
arrange for (someone) to sit somewhere.
fit in position.

second
a sixtieth of a minute of angular distance.
constituting number two in a sequence; coming after the first in time or order; 2nd.
subordinate or inferior in position, rank, or importance.
an assistant, in particular:
formally support or endorse (a nomination or resolution or its proposer) as a necessary preliminary to adoption or further discussion.
a sixtieth of a minute of time, which as the SI unit of time is defined in terms of the natural periodicity of the radiation of a caesium-133 atom.
transfer (a military officer or other official or worker) temporarily to other employment or another position.

secondary
short for:
coming after, less important than, or resulting from someone or something else that is primary.

secret
not known or seen or not meant to be known or seen by others.
something that is kept or meant to be kept unknown or unseen by others.

secretary
a person employed by an individual or in an office to assist with correspondence, make appointments, and carry out administrative tasks.

select
(of a group of people or things) carefully chosen from a larger number as being the best or most valuable.
carefully choose as being the best or most suitable.

selected
carefully choose as being the best or most suitable.

selection
the action or fact of carefully choosing someone or something as being the best or most suitable.

self
oneself, in particular:
a person's essential being that distinguishes them from others, especially considered as the object of introspection or reflexive action.

sell
give or hand over (something) in exchange for money.
persuade someone of the merits of.

seller
a person who sells something.
a product that sells in some specified way.

senator
a member of a senate, in particular a member of the US Senate.

send
the push or surge created by a wave.
cause to go or be taken to a particular destination; arrange for the delivery of, especially by post.
cause to be in a specified state.
(of a vessel) pitch or surge up in a heavy sea.

sensitive
a person who is believed to respond to paranormal influences.
quick to detect or respond to slight changes, signals, or influences.
having or displaying a quick and delicate appreciation of others' feelings.
kept secret or with restrictions on disclosure to avoid endangering security.

sensor
a device which detects or measures a physical property and records, indicates, or otherwise responds to it.

sentence
a set of words that is complete in itself, typically containing a subject and predicate, conveying a statement, question, exclamation, or command, and consisting of a main clause and sometimes one or more subordinate clauses.
the punishment assigned to a defendant found guilty by a court, or fixed by law for a particular offence.
declare the punishment decided for (an offender).

separation
the action or state of moving or being moved apart.
the division of something into constituent or distinct elements.
distinction or difference between the signals carried by the two channels of a stereophonic system.

sequence
(in the Eucharist) a hymn said or sung after the Gradual or Alleluia that precedes the Gospel.
play or record (music) with a sequencer.
a particular order in which related things follow each other.
a set of related events, movements, or items that follow each other in a particular order.
a part of a film dealing with one particular event or topic.
arrange in a particular order.

series
a number of events, objects, or people of a similar or related kind coming one after another.
a set or sequence of related television or radio programmes.
denoting electrical circuits or components arranged so that the current passes through each successively.

seriously
in a solemn or considered manner.
with earnest intent; not lightly or superficially.
to a degree that is significant or worrying.

servant
a person who performs duties for others, especially a person employed in a house on domestic duties or as a personal attendant.

service
perform routine maintenance or repair work on (a vehicle or machine).
(of a male animal) mate with (a female animal).

serving
perform duties or services for (another person or an organization).
present (food or drink) to someone.
be of use in achieving or satisfying.
a quantity of food suitable for or served to one person.
(in tennis and other racket sports) hit the ball or shuttlecock to begin play for each point of a game.

session
the governing body of a Presbyterian Church.
a meeting of an official body, especially a legislature, council, or court of law, to conduct its business.
a period devoted to a particular activity.

set
the last coat of plaster on a wall.
Snooker
group (pupils or students) in sets according to ability.
the earth or burrow of a badger.
a granite paving block.
the particular pattern of stripes in a tartan.
fixed or arranged in advance.
put, lay, or stand (something) in a specified place or position.
put or bring into a specified state.
adjust (a clock or watch), typically to show the right time.
harden into a solid or semi-solid state.
(of the sun, moon, or another celestial body) appear to move towards and below the earth's horizon as the earth rotates.
(of a tide or current) take or have a specified direction or course.
(of blossom or a tree) form into or produce (fruit).
a group or collection of things that belong together or resemble one another or are usually found together.
the way in which something is set, disposed, or positioned.
a radio or television receiver.
a collection of scenery, stage furniture, and other articles used for a particular scene in a play or film.
an arrangement of the hair when damp so that it dries in the required style.
ready, prepared, or likely to do something.
a cutting, young plant, or bulb used in the propagation of new plants.

settle
resolve or reach an agreement about (an argument or problem).
pay (a debt or account).
adopt a more steady or secure style of life, especially in a permanent job and home.
sit or come to rest in a comfortable position.
a wooden bench with a high back and arms, typically incorporating a box under the seat.

seven
equivalent to the sum of three and four; one more than six, or three less than ten; 7.

severely
to an undesirably great or intense degree.
strictly or harshly.
in a very plain style.

sex
determine the sex of.
(chiefly with reference to people) sexual activity, including specifically sexual intercourse.
either of the two main categories (male and female) into which humans and most other living things are divided on the basis of their reproductive functions.

sexuality
capacity for sexual feelings.

sexy
sexually attractive or exciting.

shade
screen from direct light.
darken or colour (an illustration or diagram) with parallel pencil lines or a block of colour.
a colour, especially with regard to how light or dark it is or as distinguished from one nearly like it.
a lampshade.
comparative darkness and coolness caused by shelter from direct sunlight.

shadow
used in reference to proximity, ominous oppressiveness, or sadness and gloom.
an inseparable attendant or companion.
envelop in shadow; cast a shadow over.
follow and observe (someone) closely and secretly.
a dark area or shape produced by a body coming between rays of light and a surface.

shake
(of a structure or area of land) tremble or vibrate.
move (an object) up and down or from side to side with rapid, forceful, jerky movements.
upset the composure or confidence of; shock or astonish.
an act of shaking.

shall
(in the first person) expressing the future tense.

sharply
Full Definition of SHARP. 1. : adapted to cutting or piercing: as. a : having a thin keen edge or fine point. b : briskly or bitingly cold : nipping <a sharp wind>

shed
park (a vehicle) in a depot.
a simple roofed structure used for garden storage, to shelter animals, or as a workshop.

sheep
used with reference to people who are too easily influenced or led.
a domesticated ruminant mammal with a thick woolly coat and (typically only in the male) curving horns. It is kept in flocks for its wool or meat, and is proverbial for its tendency to follow others in the flock.

sheer
a sudden deviation from a course, especially by a boat.
the upward slope of a ship's lines towards the bow and stern.
nothing other than; unmitigated (used for emphasis).
(especially of a cliff or wall) perpendicular or nearly so.
(of a fabric) very thin; diaphanous.
perpendicularly.
(typically of a boat) swerve or change course quickly.
a very fine or diaphanous fabric or article.

sheet
cover with or wrap in a sheet of cloth.
a rectangular piece of paper, especially one of a standard size produced commercially and used for writing and printing on.
a large rectangular piece of cotton or other fabric, used on a bed to cover the mattress and as a layer beneath blankets when these are used.
a broad flat piece of material such as metal or glass.

shelf
an informer.
a ledge of rock or protruding strip of land.
a flat length of wood or rigid material, attached to a wall or forming part of a piece of furniture, that provides a surface for the storage or display of objects.

shell
an explosive artillery projectile or bomb.
something resembling or likened to a shell because of its shape or its function as an outer case.
the hard protective outer case of a mollusc or crustacean.

shift
move or cause to move from one place to another, especially over a small distance.
a slight change in position, direction, or tendency.
each of two or more recurring periods in which different groups of workers do the same jobs in relay.
a woman's straight unwaisted dress.

ship
a spaceship.

shirt
a garment for the upper body made of cotton or a similar fabric, with a collar and sleeves, and with buttons down the front.

shit
faeces.

shock
a sudden upsetting or surprising event or experience.
a violent shaking movement caused by an impact, explosion, or tremor.
an acute medical condition associated with a fall in blood pressure, caused by such events as loss of blood, severe burns, allergic reaction, or sudden emotional stress, and marked by cold, pallid skin, irregular breathing, rapid pulse, and dilated pupils.

shoe
a covering for the foot, typically made of leather, having a sturdy sole and not reaching above the ankle.

shoot
kill or wound (a person or animal) with a bullet or arrow.
move or cause to move suddenly and rapidly in a particular direction.
(in football, hockey, basketball, etc.) kick, hit, or throw the ball or puck in an attempt to score a goal.

shooting
the action or practice of shooting.
moving or growing quickly.
kill or wound (a person or animal) with a bullet or arrow.
move or cause to move suddenly and rapidly in a particular direction.
(in football, hockey, basketball, etc.) kick, hit, or throw the ball or puck in an attempt to score a goal.
direct (a glance, question, or remark) at someone.
film or photograph (a scene, film, etc.).
(of a plant or seed) send out buds or shoots; germinate.
plane (the edge of a board) accurately.

shop
visit one or more shops or websites to buy goods.
a building or part of a building where goods or services are sold.
a place where things are manufactured or repaired; a workshop.

shopping
the purchasing of goods from shops.

shore
a prop or beam set obliquely against something weak or unstable as a support.
the land along the edge of a sea, lake, or other large body of water.

shortage
a state or situation in which something needed cannot be obtained in sufficient amounts.

shorts
short trousers that reach only to the knees or thighs.

shot
a photograph.
a small drink of spirits.
a hit, stroke, or kick of the ball in sports such as football, tennis, or golf.
the firing of a gun or cannon.
the launch of a space rocket.
a ball of stone or metal used as a missile shot from a large gun or cannon.

shout
(of a person) utter a loud cry, typically as an expression of a strong emotion.

shower
a cubicle or bath in which a person stands under a spray of water to wash.
a large number of things happening or given at the same time.
a brief and usually light fall of rain, hail, sleet, or snow.
(of a mass of small things) fall or be thrown in a shower.
give someone a great number of (things).
wash oneself in a shower.

shrink
become or make smaller in size or amount.
move back or away, especially because of fear or disgust.
a psychiatrist.

shy
nervous or timid in the company of other people.

sick
affected by physical or mental illness.
feeling nauseous and wanting to vomit.
intensely annoyed with or bored by (someone or something) as a result of having had too much of them.

side
horizontal spinning motion given to a ball.
a position to the left or right of an object, place, or central point.
a part or region near the edge and away from the middle of something.
a person or group opposing another or others in a dispute, contest, or debate.
a particular aspect of a situation or a person's character.
subsidiary to or less important than something.
support or oppose in a conflict, dispute, or debate.
provide with a side or sides; form the side of.
a place or position closely adjacent to someone.
an upright or sloping surface of a structure or object that is not the top or bottom and generally not the front or back.

sidewalk
a paved path for pedestrians at the side of a road; a pavement.

sigh
emit a long, deep audible breath expressing sadness, relief, tiredness, or similar.
a long, deep audible exhalation expressing sadness, relief, tiredness, or similar.

sight
the faculty or power of seeing.
a thing that one sees or that can be seen.
manage to see or observe (someone or something); catch an initial glimpse of.
take aim by looking through the sights of a gun.
a device on a gun or optical instrument used for assisting a person's precise aim or observation.

silk
a fine, strong, soft lustrous fibre produced by silkworms in making cocoons and collected to make thread and fabric.

silver
a precious shiny greyish-white metal, the chemical element of atomic number 47.

similar
having a resemblance in appearance, character, or quantity, without being identical.

similarity
the state or fact of being similar.

simply
in a straightforward or plain manner.
merely; just.

sin
sine.
an immoral act considered to be a transgression against divine law.
commit a sin.

since
in the intervening period between (the time mentioned) and the time under consideration, typically the present.

sing
make a high-pitched whistling or buzzing sound.
make musical sounds with the voice, especially words with a set tune.

sir
used as a polite or respectful way of addressing a man, especially one in a position of authority.

site
an area of ground on which a town, building, or monument is constructed.
a website.
fix or build (something) in a particular place.

situation
a set of circumstances in which one finds oneself; a state of affairs.
the location and surroundings of a place.

size
the relative extent of something; a thing's overall dimensions or magnitude; how big something is.
each of the classes, typically numbered, into which garments or other articles are divided according to how large they are.

ski
each of a pair of long, narrow pieces of hard, flexible material, typically pointed and turned up at the front, fastened under the feet for travelling over snow.

skill
the ability to do something well; expertise.
train (a worker) to do a particular task.

skilled
having or showing the knowledge, ability, or training to perform a certain activity or task well.
train (a worker) to do a particular task.

skin
the thin layer of tissue forming the natural outer covering of the body of a person or animal.
an outer layer or covering, in particular:

skip
the captain or director of a side at bowls or curling.
a cage or bucket in which men or materials are lowered and raised in mines and quarries.
move along lightly, stepping from one foot to the other with a hop or bounce.
omit (part of a book that one is reading, or a stage in a sequence that one is following).
fail to attend or deal with as appropriate; miss.
throw (a stone) so that it ricochets off the surface of water.
act as skip of (a side).
a straw or wicker beehive.
a light, bouncing step; a skipping movement.

skirt
a woman's outer garment fastened around the waist and hanging down around the legs.

skull
a bone framework enclosing the brain of a vertebrate; the skeleton of a person's or animal's head.

slap
hit or strike with the palm of the hand or a flat object.
put or apply (something) somewhere quickly, carelessly, or forcefully.
a blow with the palm of the hand or a flat object.

slave
work excessively hard.
(especially in the past) a person who is the legal property of another and is forced to obey them.

sleeve
the part of a garment that wholly or partly covers a person's arm.

slight
small in degree; inconsiderable.
(of a person or their build) not sturdy; thin or slender.
insult (someone) by treating or speaking of them without proper respect or attention.
an insult caused by a failure to show someone proper respect or attention.

slightly
to a small degree; not considerably.
(with reference to a person's build) in a slender way.

slot
an allotted place in an arrangement or scheme such as a broadcasting schedule.
place (an object) into a slot, typically one specifically designed to receive it.
the track of a deer, as visible in soft ground.
a long, narrow aperture or slit in a machine for something to be inserted.

slowly
at a slow speed; not quickly.

smart
(of a person) clean, tidy, and well dressed.
quick; brisk.
(of part of the body) feel a sharp stinging pain.
sharp stinging pain.

smile
form one's features into a pleased, kind, or amused expression, typically with the corners of the mouth turned up and the front teeth exposed.
a pleased, kind, or amused facial expression, typically with the corners of the mouth turned up and the front teeth exposed.

smooth
having an even and regular surface; free from perceptible projections, lumps, or indentations.
(of movement) without jerks.
(of a person or their manner) suavely charming in a way regarded as possibly insincere.
(of food or drink) without harshness or bitterness.
give (something) a flat, regular surface or appearance.
deal successfully with (a problem or difficulty).
in a way that is without difficulties.

snake
a long limbless reptile which has no eyelids, a short tail, and jaws that are capable of considerable extension. Some snakes have a venomous bite.
a treacherous or deceitful person.
a former system of interconnected exchange rates for the currencies of EC countries.

soap
a substance used with water for washing and cleaning, made of a compound of natural oils or fats with sodium hydroxide or another strong alkali, and typically having perfume and colouring added.
wash with soap.

socially
pertaining to, devoted to, or characterized by friendly companionship or relations: a social club. seeking or enjoying the companionship of others; friendly; sociable; gregarious. of, pertaining to, connected with, or suited to polite or fashionable society: a social event.

society
the aggregate of people living together in a more or less ordered community.
an organization or club formed for a particular purpose or activity.
the situation of being in the company of other people.

sock
a garment for the foot and lower part of the leg, typically knitted from wool, cotton, or nylon.

sofa
a long upholstered seat with a back and arms, for two or more people.

software
the programs and other operating information used by a computer.

soil
waste matter, especially sewage containing excrement.
make dirty.
the upper layer of earth in which plants grow, a black or dark brown material typically consisting of a mixture of organic remains, clay, and rock particles.

sole
the undersurface of a person's foot.

solution
a means of solving a problem or dealing with a difficult situation.
a liquid mixture in which the minor component (the solute) is uniformly distributed within the major component (the solvent).

solve
find an answer to, explanation for, or means of effectively dealing with (a problem or mystery).

somehow
in some way; by some means.

something
a thing that is unspecified or unknown.

sometime
at some unspecified or unknown time.
former.

sometimes
occasionally, rather than all of the time.

somewhat
to a moderate extent or by a moderate amount; rather.

somewhere
in or to some place.

son
a boy or man in relation to either or both of his parents.

song
a short poem or other set of words set to music or meant to be sung.
the musical phrases uttered by some birds, whales, and insects, typically forming a recognizable and repeated sequence and used chiefly for territorial defence or for attracting mates.

soon
in or after a short time.
used to indicate one's preference in a particular matter.

sophisticated
having, revealing, or involving a great deal of worldly experience and knowledge of fashion and culture.
(of a machine, system, or technique) developed to a high degree of complexity.
make (someone or something) more sophisticated.

sorry
feeling sad or distressed through sympathy with someone else's misfortune.
feeling regret or penitence.
in a poor or pitiful state.

soul
the spiritual or immaterial part of a human being or animal, regarded as immortal.
the essence or embodiment of a specified quality.
emotional or intellectual energy or intensity, especially as revealed in a work of art or an artistic performance.

sound
based on valid reason or good judgement.
sound produced by continuous and regular vibrations, as opposed to noise.
vibrations that travel through the air or another medium and can be heard when they reach a person's or animal's ear.
music, speech, and sound effects when recorded and used to accompany a film, video, or broadcast.
an idea or impression conveyed by words.
emit or cause to emit sound.
convey a specified impression when heard.
in good condition; not damaged, injured, or diseased.
a long surgical probe, typically with a curved, blunt end.
(of sleep) deep and undisturbed.
(of a beating) severe.
soundly.
question (someone) discreetly or cautiously so as to ascertain their opinions on a subject.
(especially of a whale) dive down steeply to a great depth.
a narrow stretch of water forming an inlet or connecting two wider areas of water such as two seas or a sea and a lake.
ascertain (the depth of water in the sea, a lake, or a river), typically by means of a line or pole or using sound echoes.

southern
situated in the south or directed towards or facing the south.
living in or originating from the south.

space
a continuous area or expanse which is free, available, or unoccupied.
Telecommunications
the amount of paper used or needed to write about a subject.
the freedom to live, think, and develop in a way that suits one.
position (two or more items) at a distance from one another.
the dimensions of height, depth, and width within which all things exist and move.
an interval of time (often used to suggest that the time is short considering what has happened or been achieved in it).

spark
a small amount of a quality or intense feeling.
a small fiery particle thrown off from a fire, alight in ashes, or produced by striking together two hard surfaces such as stone or metal.

speak
say something in order to convey information or to express a feeling.
talk to in order to reprove or advise.
(of behaviour, an object, etc.) serve as evidence for something.
(of a musical instrument or other object) make a sound when functioning.

special
better, greater, or otherwise different from what is usual.
belonging specifically to a particular person or place.

specialist
possessing or involving detailed knowledge or study of a restricted topic.
a person who concentrates primarily on a particular subject or activity; a person highly skilled in a specific and restricted field.

spectacular
beautiful in a dramatic and eye-catching way.
an event such as a pageant or musical, produced on a large scale and with striking effects.

spectrum
a band of colours, as seen in a rainbow, produced by separation of the components of light by their different degrees of refraction according to wavelength.

speculation
the forming of a theory or conjecture without firm evidence.
investment in stocks, property, etc. in the hope of gain but with the risk of loss.

speech
the expression of or the ability to express thoughts and feelings by articulate sounds.
a formal address or discourse delivered to an audience.

speed
each of the possible gear ratios of a bicycle.
the light-gathering power or f-number of a camera lens.
the rate at which someone or something moves or operates or is able to move or operate.
move quickly.

sphere
a round solid figure, or its surface, with every point on its surface equidistant from its centre.
enclose in or as if in a sphere.
denoting a structure or region of spherical form, especially a region round the earth.
denoting an area of activity, section of society, etc. distinguished by a particular characteristic.
an area of activity, interest, or expertise; a section of society or an aspect of life distinguished and unified by a particular characteristic.

spill
cause or allow (liquid) to flow over the edge of its container, especially unintentionally.
cause to fall off a horse or bicycle.
a quantity of liquid that has spilled or been spilt.
a fall from a horse or bicycle.

spin
turn or whirl round quickly.
give (a news story) a particular emphasis or bias.
fish with a spinner.
a rapid turning or whirling motion.
the presentation of information in a particular way; a slant, especially a favourable one.
draw out and twist (the fibres of wool, cotton, or other material) to convert them into yarn, either by hand or with machinery.

spiritual
a religious song of a kind associated with black Christians of the southern US, and thought to derive from the combination of European hymns and African musical elements by black slaves.
relating to or affecting the human spirit or soul as opposed to material or physical things.
relating to religion or religious belief.

split
break or cause to break forcibly into parts, especially into halves or along the grain.
(with reference to a group of people) divide into two or more groups.

spokesman
a person who makes statements on behalf of a group or individual.

spoon
an implement consisting of a small, shallow oval or round bowl on a long handle, used for eating, stirring, and serving food.

spot
a pimple.
place (a ball) on its designated starting point on a billiard table.
a particular place or point.
denoting a system of trading in which commodities or currencies are delivered and paid for immediately after a sale.
see, notice, or recognize (someone or something) that is difficult to detect or that one is searching for.
mark or become marked with spots.
rain slightly.
a small round or roundish mark, differing in colour or texture from the surface around it.
a board for working plaster before application.

spouse
a husband or wife, considered in relation to their partner.

spread
open out (something) so as to extend its surface area, width, or length.
extend over a large or increasing area.
apply (a substance) to an object or surface in an even layer.

spring
(especially of wood) become warped or split.
an upward curvature of a ship's deck planking from the horizontal.
move or jump suddenly or rapidly upwards or forwards.
originate or arise from.
cushion or fit (a vehicle or item of furniture) with springs.
a sudden jump upwards or forwards.
a place where water or oil wells up from an underground source, or the basin or flow formed in such a way.
the season after winter and before summer, in which vegetation begins to appear, in the northern hemisphere from March to May and in the southern hemisphere from September to November.
an elastic device, typically a helical metal coil, that can be pressed or pulled but returns to its former shape when released, used chiefly to exert constant tension or absorb movement.

sprinkle
cover (an object or surface) with small drops or particles of a substance.

squad
a small group of people having a particular task.

square
(of rhythm) simple and straightforward.
multiply (a number) by itself.
a plane figure with four equal straight sides and four right angles.
the product of a number multiplied by itself.
having the shape or approximate shape of a square.
denoting a unit of measurement equal to the area of a square whose side is of the unit specified.
at right angles; perpendicular.
level or parallel.
(of two people) owing nothing to each other.
directly; straight.
make square or rectangular; give a square or rectangular cross section to.
make compatible; reconcile.
balance (an account).
bring (one's shoulders) into a position in which they appear square and broad, typically to prepare oneself for a difficult task or event.
an L-shaped or T-shaped instrument used for obtaining or testing right angles.
an open, typically four-sided, area surrounded by buildings in a village, town, or city.

squeeze
manage to get into or through a narrow or restricted space.
obtain (something) from someone with difficulty.
firmly press (something soft or yielding), typically with one's fingers.

stability
the state of being stable.

stable
(of an object or structure) not likely to give way or overturn; firmly fixed.
put or keep (a horse) in a stable.
a building set apart and adapted for keeping horses.

stack
(in snowboarding) fall over.
a pile of objects, typically one that is neatly arranged.
arrange (a number of things) in a pile, typically a neat one.
shuffle or arrange (a pack of cards) dishonestly so as to gain an unfair advantage.
a chimney, especially one on a factory, or a vertical exhaust pipe on a vehicle.

stadium
an athletic or sports ground with tiers of seats for spectators.
an ancient Roman or Greek measure of length, about 185 metres (originally the length of a stadium).

stage
a point, period, or step in a process or development.
a raised floor or platform, typically in a theatre, on which actors, entertainers, or speakers perform.
a floor or level of a building or structure.
present a performance of (a play or other show).

stance
Climbing
the way in which someone stands, especially when deliberately adopted (as in cricket, golf, and other sports); a person's posture.

standard
(especially with reference to jazz or blues) a tune or song of established popularity.
an upright water or gas pipe.
a level of quality or attainment.
something used as a measure, norm, or model in comparative evaluations.
a military or ceremonial flag carried on a pole or hoisted on a rope.
a tree or shrub that grows on an erect stem of full height.
used or accepted as normal or average.
(of a tree or shrub) growing on an erect stem of full height.

star
a conventional or stylized representation of a star, typically having five or more points.
a very famous or talented entertainer or sports player.
a fixed luminous point in the night sky which is a large, remote incandescent body like the sun.
used in names of starfishes and similar echinoderms with five or more radiating arms, e.g. <i>cushion star</i>, <i>brittlestar</i>.
(of a film, play, or other show) have (someone) as a principal performer.
decorate or cover with star-shaped marks or objects.

starter
a person or thing that starts in a specified way.

starting
begin or be reckoned from a particular point in time or space; come into being.
cause to happen or begin.
jerk or give a small jump from surprise or alarm.

statistical
relating to the use of statistics.

statistics
the practice or science of collecting and analysing numerical data in large quantities, especially for the purpose of inferring proportions in a whole from those in a representative sample.

status
relative social or professional position; standing.
the situation at a particular time during a process.

statute
a written law passed by a legislative body.

stay
a large rope, wire, or rod used to support a ship's mast, leading from the masthead to another mast or spar or down to another part of the ship.
a device used as a brace or support.
remain in the same place.
remain in a specified state or position.
(of a person) live somewhere temporarily as a visitor or guest.
stop, delay, or prevent (something), in particular suspend or postpone (judicial proceedings) or refrain from pressing (charges).
a period of staying somewhere, in particular of living somewhere temporarily as a visitor or guest.
secure or steady (a mast) by means of stays.

steak
high-quality beef taken from the hindquarters of the animal, typically cut into thick slices that are cooked by grilling or frying.

steel
a hard, strong grey or bluish-grey alloy of iron with carbon and usually other elements, used as a structural and fabricating material.

steep
(of a slope, flight of stairs, or angle) rising or falling sharply; almost perpendicular.
a steep mountain slope.
soak (food or tea) in water or other liquid so as to extract its flavour or to soften it.
surround or fill with a quality or influence.

step
a measure or action, especially one of a series taken in order to deal with or achieve a particular thing.
a flat surface, especially one in a series, on which to place one's foot when moving from one level to another.
an act or movement of putting one leg in front of the other in walking or running.

stiff
a dead body.
not easily bent or changed in shape; rigid.
severe or strong.
kill (someone).

stimulus
a thing or event that evokes a specific functional reaction in an organ or tissue.

stomach
an appetite for food or drink.
consume (food or drink) without feeling or being sick.
the internal organ in which the major part of the digestion of food occurs, being (in humans and many mammals) a pear-shaped enlargement of the alimentary canal linking the oesophagus to the small intestine.

stone
a hard seed in a cherry, plum, peach, and some other fruits.
hard solid non-metallic mineral matter of which rock is made, especially as a building material.
a piece of stone shaped for a purpose, especially one of commemoration, ceremony, or demarcation.

stop
a set of organ pipes of a particular tone and range of pitch.
(of an event, action, or process) come to an end; cease to happen.
cause (an action, process, or event) to come to an end.
block or close up (a hole or leak).
a cessation of movement or operation.

store
a sheep, steer, cow, or pig acquired or kept for fattening.
a quantity or supply of something kept for use as needed.
keep or accumulate (something) for future use.

storm
(of the weather) be violent, with strong winds and usually rain, thunder, lightning, or snow.
a tumultuous reaction; an uproar or controversy.
a direct assault by troops on a fortified place.
move angrily or forcefully in a specified direction.
(of troops) suddenly attack and capture (a building or other place) by means of force.
a violent disturbance of the atmosphere with strong winds and usually rain, thunder, lightning, or snow.

story
an account of imaginary or real people and events told for entertainment.
an account of past events in someone's life or in the development of something.
the commercial prospects or circumstances of a particular company.
a part of a building comprising all the rooms that are on the same level.
a report of an item of news in a newspaper, magazine, or broadcast.

strange
unusual or surprising; difficult to understand or explain.
not previously visited, seen, or encountered; unfamiliar or alien.

stranger
a person whom one does not know or with whom one is not familiar.
unusual or surprising; difficult to understand or explain.
not previously visited, seen, or encountered; unfamiliar or alien.

strategic
relating to the identification of long-term or overall aims and interests and the means of achieving them.
relating to the gaining of overall or long-term military advantage.

strategy
a plan of action designed to achieve a long-term or overall aim.
the art of planning and directing overall military operations and movements in a war or battle.

straw
dried stalks of grain, used especially as fodder or as material for thatching, packing, or weaving.

streak
a long, thin line or mark of a different substance or colour from its surroundings.
an element of a specified kind in someone's character.

stream
a continuous flow of liquid, air, or gas.
(of liquid, air, gas, etc.) run or flow in a continuous current in a specified direction.
a small, narrow river.

strength
the quality or state of being physically strong.
the capacity of an object or substance to withstand great force or pressure.
the potency or degree of concentration of a drug, chemical, or drink.
a good or beneficial quality or attribute of a person or thing.
the number of people comprising a group, typically a team or army.

strengthen
make or become stronger.

stretch
(of something soft or elastic) be made or be capable of being made longer or wider without tearing or breaking.
extend or spread over an area or period of time.
make great demands on the capacity or resources of.
an act of stretching one's limbs or body.
a continuous area or expanse of land or water.
straighten or extend one's body or a part of one's body to its full length, typically so as to tighten one's muscles or in order to reach something.

strictly
in a way that involves rigid enforcement or that demands obedience.

string
a G-string or thong.
remove the strings from (a bean).
a tough piece of fibre in vegetables, meat, or other food, such as a tough elongated piece connecting the two halves of a bean pod.
material consisting of threads of cotton, hemp, or other material twisted together to form a thin length.
a set of things tied or threaded together on a thin cord.
hang (something) so that it stretches in a long line.
fit a string or strings to (a musical instrument, a racket, or a bow).

strip
sell off (the assets of a company) for profit.
tear the thread or teeth from (a screw, gearwheel, etc.).
(of a bullet) be fired from a rifled gun without spin owing to a loss of surface.
remove all coverings from.
leave bare of accessories or fittings.
deprive someone of (rank, power, or property).
an act of undressing, especially in a striptease.
a comic strip.
a long, narrow piece of cloth, paper, plastic, or some other material.

student
a person who is studying at a university or other place of higher education.

study
the devotion of time and attention to gaining knowledge of an academic subject, especially by means of books.
a detailed investigation and analysis of a subject or situation.
a room used or designed for reading, writing, or academic work.
a piece of work, especially a drawing, done for practice or as an experiment.
a thing or person that is an embodiment or good example of something.

stuff
the basic constituents or characteristics of something or someone.
matter, material, articles, or activities of a specified or indeterminate kind that are being referred to, indicated, or implied.

stumble
trip or momentarily lose one's balance; almost fall.
an act of stumbling.

stupid
lacking intelligence or common sense.
a stupid person (often used as a term of address).

submit
accept or yield to a superior force or to the authority or will of another person.

subsidy
a sum of money granted by the state or a public body to help an industry or business keep the price of a commodity or service low.

substantial
of considerable importance, size, or worth.
concerning the essentials of something.
real and tangible rather than imaginary.

suburb
an outlying district of a city, especially a residential one.

success
the accomplishment of an aim or purpose.

successfully
: gaining or having gained success successful investor>  successfully \-f-l\ adverb.  successfulness noun. See successful defined for English-language learners.

suck
draw into the mouth by contracting the muscles of the lips and mouth to make a partial vacuum.
involve (someone) in something without their choosing.
an act of sucking something.
used to express derision and defiance.

sudden
occurring or done quickly and unexpectedly or without warning.
suddenly.

suddenly
quickly and unexpectedly.

sue
institute legal proceedings against (a person or institution), typically for redress.

suffer
experience or be subjected to (something bad or unpleasant).

suffering
experience or be subjected to (something bad or unpleasant).
the state of undergoing pain, distress, or hardship.

suit
any of the sets into which a pack of playing cards is divided (in conventional packs comprising spades, hearts, diamonds, and clubs).
be convenient for or acceptable to.
enhance the features, figure, or character of (someone).
a lawsuit.
a complete set of sails required for a ship or for a set of spars.
a set of outer clothes made of the same fabric and designed to be worn together, typically consisting of a jacket and trousers or a jacket and skirt.
the process of trying to win a woman's affection with a view to marriage.

suite
a set of rooms designated for one person's or family's use or for a particular purpose.

sum
a particular amount of money.
the total amount resulting from the addition of two or more numbers, amounts, or items.
an arithmetical problem, especially at an elementary level.

summary
a brief statement or account of the main points of something.
not including needless details or formalities; brief.

summit
a meeting between heads of government.
the highest point of a hill or mountain.

sun
the star round which the earth orbits.
the light or warmth received from the earth's sun.
Sunday.
sit or lie in the sun.

sunlight
light from the sun.

superior
having or showing an overly high opinion of oneself; conceited.
(of a letter, figure, or symbol) written or printed above the line.
higher in rank, status, or quality.

supplier
The <b>definition</b> of a <b>supplier</b> is a person or entity that is the source for goods or services. A company that provides microprocessors to a major computer business is an example of a <b>supplier</b>.

supporter
a person who approves of and encourages a public figure, political party, policy, etc.

supposed
generally assumed or believed to be the case, but not necessarily so.

Supreme
a rich cream sauce.
highest in rank or authority.
very great or the greatest.

surface
the outside part or uppermost layer of something.

surprisingly
to strike or occur to with a sudden feeling of wonder or astonishment, as through unexpectedness: Her beauty surprised me. to come upon or discover suddenly and unexpectedly: We surprised the children raiding the cookie jar.

surround
be all round (someone or something).
a thing that forms a border or edging around an object.

surrounding
all round a particular place or thing.
be all round (someone or something).

survey
look closely at or examine (someone or something).
examine and record the area and features of (an area of land) so as to construct a map, plan, or description.
investigate the opinions or experience of (a group of people) by asking them questions.
a general view, examination, or description of someone or something.
an act of surveying an area of land.

survival
the state or fact of continuing to live or exist, typically in spite of an accident, ordeal, or difficult circumstances.

survive
continue to live or exist, especially in spite of danger or hardship.

survivor
a person who survives, especially a person remaining alive after an event in which others have died.

suspend
temporarily prevent from continuing or being in force or effect.
hang (something) from somewhere.
(of solid particles) be dispersed throughout the bulk of a fluid.

sustain
strengthen or support physically or mentally.
undergo or suffer (something unpleasant, especially an injury).
cause to continue for an extended period or without interruption.
uphold, affirm, or confirm the justice or validity of.
an effect or facility on a keyboard or electronic instrument whereby a note can be sustained after the key is released.

swear
make a solemn statement or promise undertaking to do something or affirming that something is the case.
use offensive language, especially as an expression of anger.

sweater
a knitted garment worn on the upper body, typically with long sleeves, put on over the head.

swim
propel the body through water by using the limbs, or (in the case of a fish or other aquatic animal) by using fins, tail, or other bodily movement.
be immersed in or covered with liquid.

swing
a seat suspended by ropes or chains, on which someone may sit and swing back and forth.
(in musical theatre) an understudy, typically one who covers multiple roles in the chorus of a particular production.
move or cause to move back and forth or from side to side while suspended or on an axis.
move by grasping a support from below and leaping.
move or cause to move in a smooth, curving line.
shift or cause to shift from one opinion, mood, or state of affairs to another.
play music with a flowing but vigorous rhythm.
an act of swinging.
a style of jazz or dance music with a flowing but vigorous rhythm.
a discernible change in opinion, especially the amount by which votes or points scored change from one side to another.

switch
a device for making and breaking the connection in an electric circuit.
an act of changing to or adopting one thing in place of another.
a slender, flexible shoot cut from a tree.

sword
a weapon with a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard, used for thrusting or striking and now typically worn as part of ceremonial dress.

symbol
symbolize.
a thing that represents or stands for something else, especially a material object representing something abstract.
a mark or character used as a conventional representation of an object, function, or process, e.g. the letter or letters standing for a chemical element or a character in musical notation.

symbolic
serving as a symbol.
involving the use of symbols or symbolism.

sympathy
feelings of pity and sorrow for someone else's misfortune.
understanding between people; common feeling.
the state or fact of responding in a way similar or corresponding to an action elsewhere.

syndrome
a group of symptoms which consistently occur together, or a condition characterized by a set of associated symptoms.

system
a set of principles or procedures according to which something is done; an organized scheme or method.
the prevailing political or social order, especially when regarded as oppressive and intransigent.
a set of things working together as parts of a mechanism or an interconnecting network; a complex whole.

table
a set of facts or figures systematically displayed, especially in columns.
a piece of furniture with a flat top and one or more legs, providing a level surface for eating, writing, or working at.

tackle
a mechanism consisting of ropes, pulley blocks, hooks, or other things for lifting heavy objects.
the equipment required for a task or sport.
make determined efforts to deal with (a problem or difficult task).

tactic
an action or strategy carefully planned to achieve a specific end.

tag
a label attached to someone or something for the purpose of identification or to give other information.
a small piece or part that is attached to a main body.

take
lay hold of (something) with one's hands; reach for and hold.
remove (someone or something) from a particular place.
carry or bring with one; convey.
accept or receive (someone or something).
consume as food, drink, medicine, or drugs.
make, undertake, or perform (an action or task).
require or use up (a specified amount of time).
(of a plant or seed) take root or begin to grow; germinate.
a scene or sequence of sound or vision photographed or recorded continuously at one time.
an amount of something gained or acquired from one source or in one session.

talented
having a natural aptitude or skill for something.

tank
a large receptacle or storage chamber, especially for liquid or gas.
a heavy armoured fighting vehicle carrying guns and moving on a continuous articulated metal track.
a large receptacle or storage chamber, especially for liquid or gas.

target
a person, object, or place selected as the aim of an attack.

task
a piece of work to be done or undertaken.
assign a task to.

taste
the sensation of flavour perceived in the mouth and throat on contact with a substance.
a person's liking for particular flavours.
the ability to discern what is of good quality or of a high aesthetic standard.
perceive or experience the flavour of.
have experience of.

teacher
a person who teaches, especially in a school.

team
a group of players forming one side in a competitive game or sport.
come together as a team to achieve a common goal.
match or coordinate a garment with (another).
harness (animals, especially horses) together to pull a vehicle.

teammate
a fellow member of a team.

teaspoon
a small spoon used typically for adding sugar to and stirring hot drinks or for eating some foods.

technological
relating to or using technology.

technology
the application of scientific knowledge for practical purposes, especially in industry.

teen
a teenager.
relating to teenagers.
forming the names of numerals from 13 to 19.

teenage
denoting a person between 13 and 19 years old.

telescope
an optical instrument designed to make distant objects appear nearer, containing an arrangement of lenses, or of curved mirrors and lenses, by which rays of light are collected and focused and the resulting image magnified.
(with reference to an object made of concentric tubular parts) slide or cause to slide into itself, so that it becomes smaller.

temple
a building devoted to the worship of a god or gods.

ten
tenuto.
equivalent to the product of five and two; one more than nine; 10.

tennis
a game in which two or four players strike a ball with rackets over a net stretched across a court. The usual form (originally called <i>lawn tennis</i> ) is played with a felt-covered hollow rubber ball on a grass, clay, or artificial surface.

tent
a portable shelter made of cloth, supported by one or more poles and stretched tight by cords or loops attached to pegs driven into the ground.

terrible
causing or likely to cause terror; sinister.
extremely bad or serious.

terribly
very; extremely.
very badly or unpleasantly.

terror
extreme fear.

terrorist
a person who uses terrorism in the pursuit of political aims.

test
the shell or integument of some invertebrates and protozoans, especially the chalky shell of a foraminiferan or the tough outer layer of a tunicate.
take measures to check the quality, performance, or reliability of (something), especially before putting it into widespread use or practice.
a procedure intended to establish the quality, performance, or reliability of something, especially before it is taken into widespread use.

testify
give evidence as a witness in a law court.

testimony
a formal written or spoken statement, especially one given in a court of law.

testing
revealing a person's capabilities by putting them under strain; challenging.

text
a written work chosen or set as a subject of study.
a text message.
the main body of a book or other piece of writing, as distinct from other material such as notes, appendices, and illustrations.
send (someone) a text message.
a book or other written or printed work, regarded in terms of its content rather than its physical form.
fine, large handwriting, used especially for manuscripts.

textbook
a book used as a standard work for the study of a particular subject.

texture
the feel, appearance, or consistency of a surface or a substance.
give (a surface) a rough or raised texture.

than
introducing the second element in a comparison.

thank
express gratitude to (someone), especially by saying Thank you

Thanksgiving
the expression of gratitude, especially to God.
(in North America) an annual national holiday marked by religious observances and a traditional meal. The holiday commemorates a harvest festival celebrated by the Pilgrim Fathers in 1621, and is held in the US on the fourth Thursday in November. A similar holiday is held in Canada, usually on the second Monday in October.

that
used to identify a specific person or thing observed or heard by the speaker.

theater
the area in which something happens.
a building or outdoor area in which plays and other dramatic performances are given.
a room or hall for lectures with seats in tiers.

their
belonging to or associated with the people or things previously mentioned or easily identified.

theological
relating to the study of the nature of God and religious belief.

theory
a supposition or a system of ideas intended to explain something, especially one based on general principles independent of the thing to be explained.

therapist
a person skilled in a particular kind of therapy.

thereby
by that means; as a result of that.

thick
with opposite sides or surfaces that are far or relatively far apart.
made up of a large number of things or people close together.
(of a liquid or a semi-liquid substance) relatively firm in consistency; not flowing freely.

thigh
the part of the human leg between the hip and the knee.

thin
with opposite surfaces or sides that are close or relatively close together.
having little, or too little, flesh or fat on the body.
having few parts or members relative to the area covered or filled; sparse.
(of a liquid substance) not containing much solid; flowing freely.
lacking substance or quality; weak or inadequate.
with little thickness or depth.

thing
an object that one need not, cannot, or does not wish to give a specific name to.
an inanimate material object as distinct from a living sentient being.
an action, event, thought, or utterance.

thinking
the process of considering or reasoning about something.
using thought or rational judgement; intelligent.
have a particular belief or idea.
direct one's mind towards someone or something; use one's mind actively to form connected ideas.
have a specified opinion of.

thoroughly
in a thorough manner.
very much; greatly.

threat
a statement of an intention to inflict pain, injury, damage, or other hostile action on someone in retribution for something done or not done.
a person or thing likely to cause damage or danger.

three
equivalent to the sum of one and two; one more than two; 3.

threshold
a strip of wood or stone forming the bottom of a doorway and crossed in entering a house or room.
the magnitude or intensity that must be exceeded for a certain reaction, phenomenon, result, or condition to occur or be manifested.

thrive
(of a child, animal, or plant) grow or develop well or vigorously.

throat
the passage which leads from the back of the mouth of a person or animal.

ticket
a piece of paper or card that gives the holder a certain right, especially to enter a place, travel by public transport, or participate in an event.
a certificate or warrant, in particular:
a label attached to a retail product, giving its price, size, and other details.
issue (someone) with an official notice of a traffic offence.
(of a passenger) be issued with a travel ticket.
(of a retail product) be marked with a label giving its price, size, and other details.

tight
fixed, fastened, or closed firmly; hard to move, undo, or open.
(of a rope, fabric, or surface) stretched so as to leave no slack; not loose.
(of an area or space) having or allowing little room for manoeuvre.
(of a formation or group) closely or densely packed together.

tighten
make or become tight or tighter.

tightly
firmly or closely fixed in place; not easily moved; secure: a tight knot. drawn or stretched so as to be tense; taut. affording little or no extra room; fitting closely, especially too closely: a tight collar.

tile
a thin rectangular slab of baked clay or other material, used in overlapping rows for covering roofs.

till
boulder clay or other sediment deposited by melting glaciers or ice sheets.
prepare and cultivate (land) for crops.
less formal way of saying until.
a cash register or drawer for money in a shop, bank, or restaurant.

timber
wood prepared for use in building and carpentry.

time
the indefinite continued progress of existence and events in the past, present, and future regarded as a whole.
a point of time as measured in hours and minutes past midnight or noon.
time as allotted, available, or used.
an instance of something happening or being done; an occasion.
(following a number) expressing multiplication.
the rhythmic pattern of a piece of music, as expressed by a time signature.
plan, schedule, or arrange when (something) should happen or be done.
measure the time taken by (a process or activity, or a person doing it).

timing
the choice, judgement, or control of when something should be done.

tiny
a very young child.
very small.

tissue
any of the distinct types of material of which animals or plants are made, consisting of specialized cells and their products.
an intricate structure or network made from a number of connected items.
tissue paper.

to
so as to be closed or nearly closed.

today
on or in the course of this present day.
this present day.

toe
any of the five digits at the end of the human foot.

tone
a musical or vocal sound with reference to its pitch, quality, and strength.
the general character or attitude of a place, piece of writing, situation, etc.
a basic interval in classical Western music, equal to two semitones and separating, for example, the first and second notes of an ordinary scale (such as C and D, or E and F sharp); a major second.
the particular quality of brightness, deepness, or hue of a shade of a colour.
the normal level of firmness or slight contraction in a resting muscle.
give greater strength or firmness to (the body or a muscle).
harmonize with (something) in terms of colour.

too
to a higher degree than is desirable, permissible, or possible; excessively.
in addition; also.

tool
a distinct design in the tooling of a book.
a device or implement, especially one held in the hand, used to carry out a particular function.

top
the highest or uppermost point, part, or surface of something.
a thing or part placed on, fitted to, or covering the upper part of something, in particular:
the highest or most important rank, level, or position.

totally
completely; absolutely.

touch
an act of touching someone or something.
a small amount; a trace.
a distinctive manner or method of dealing with something.
Art
Bell-ringing
come into or be in contact with.
handle in order to interfere with, alter, or otherwise affect.
affect or concern.
produce feelings of affection, gratitude, or sympathy in.

tough
(of a substance or object) strong enough to withstand adverse conditions or rough handling.
able to endure hardship or pain.
demonstrating a strict and uncompromising approach.
endure a period of hardship or difficulty.
a rough and violent man.
strong and prone to violence.

tour
make a tour of (an area).
a journey made by performers or a sports team, in which they perform or play in several different places.
a spell of duty on military or diplomatic service.
a journey for pleasure in which several different places are visited.

tourist
a person who is travelling or visiting a place for pleasure.

towel
a piece of thick absorbent cloth or paper used for drying oneself or wiping things dry.

tower
(of a bird) soar up to a great height, especially (of a falcon) so as to be able to swoop down on the quarry.
rise to or reach a great height.
a tall narrow building, either free-standing or forming part of a building such as a church or castle.

track
a rough path or road, typically one beaten by use rather than constructed.
a mark or line of marks left by a person, animal, or vehicle in passing.
a continuous line of rails on a railway.
a recording of one song or piece of music.
a continuous articulated metal band around the wheels of a heavy vehicle such as a tank, intended to facilitate movement over rough or soft ground.
a prepared course or circuit for athletes, horses, motor vehicles, bicycles, or dogs to race on.

traffic
vehicles moving on a public highway.
the messages or signals transmitted through a communications system.
the action of dealing or trading in something illegal.
deal or trade in something illegal.

tragedy
a play dealing with tragic events and having an unhappy ending, especially one concerning the downfall of the main character.
an event causing great suffering, destruction, and distress, such as a serious accident, crime, or natural catastrophe.

tragic
relating to tragedy in a literary work.
causing or characterized by extreme distress or sorrow.

trail
a long thin part or line stretching behind or hanging down from something.
a beaten path through the countryside.
a trailer for a film or broadcast.
a mark or a series of signs or objects left behind by the passage of someone or something.

train
a series of connected railway carriages or wagons moved by a locomotive or by integral motors.
point or aim something, typically a gun or camera, at.
a trail of gunpowder for firing an explosive charge.
teach (a person or animal) a particular skill or type of behaviour through sustained practice and instruction.
undertake a course of exercise and diet in order to reach or maintain peak physical fitness in preparation for a specific sport or event.
cause (a plant) to grow in a particular direction or into a required shape.
a number of vehicles or pack animals moving in a line.
a series of connected events or thoughts.
a long piece of material attached to the back of a formal dress or robe that trails along the ground.

training
the action of teaching a person or animal a particular skill or type of behaviour.
undertake a course of exercise and diet in order to reach or maintain peak physical fitness in preparation for a specific sport or event.
point or aim something, typically a gun or camera, at.
cause (a plant) to grow in a particular direction or into a required shape.
teach (a person or animal) a particular skill or type of behaviour through sustained practice and instruction.

transaction
an instance of buying or selling something.
published reports of proceedings at the meetings of a learned society.
an input message to a computer system dealt with as a single unit of work.

transform
the product of a transformation.
make a marked change in the form, nature, or appearance of.

transformation
a marked change in form, nature, or appearance.

transit
the carrying of people or things from one place to another.
the action of passing through or across a place.

transition
the process or a period of changing from one state or condition to another.
undergo or cause to undergo a process or period of transition.

translate
express the sense of (words or text) in another language.
convert something or be converted into (another form or medium).
move from one place or condition to another.

translation
the process of translating words or text from one language into another.
the conversion of something from one form or medium into another.

transmission
the action or process of transmitting something or the state of being transmitted.
the mechanism by which power is transmitted from an engine to the axle in a motor vehicle.

transmit
cause (something) to pass on from one person or place to another.
broadcast or send out (an electrical signal or a radio or television programme).
allow (heat, light, sound, electricity, or other energy) to pass through a medium.

transport
take or carry (people or goods) from one place to another by means of a vehicle, aircraft, or ship.
overwhelm (someone) with a strong emotion, especially joy.
an overwhelmingly strong emotion.
a system or means of conveying people or goods from place to place.

transportation
the action of transporting someone or something or the process of being transported.

trap
a light, two-wheeled carriage pulled by a horse or pony.
a device for hurling an object such as a clay pigeon into the air to be shot at.
basalt or a similar dark, fine-grained igneous rock.
a situation in which people lie in wait to make a surprise attack.
catch (an animal) in a trap.
trick or deceive (someone) into doing something contrary to their interests or intentions.
a device or enclosure designed to catch and retain animals, typically by allowing entry but not exit or by catching hold of a part of the body.
a container or device used to collect something, or a place where something collects.
put trappings on (a horse).

travel
make a journey, typically of some length.
(of an object or radiation) move, typically in a constant or predictable way.
the action of travelling.
the range, rate, or mode of motion of a part of a machine.

traveler
a person who is travelling or who often travels.

treasure
a quantity of precious metals, gems, or other valuable objects.
keep carefully (a valuable or valued item).

treaty
a formally concluded and ratified agreement between states.

tree
a woody perennial plant, typically having a single stem or trunk growing to a considerable height and bearing lateral branches at some distance from the ground.
a wooden structure or part of a structure.

tremendous
very great in amount, scale, or intensity.

trend
a general direction in which something is developing or changing.
a fashion.
a topic that is the subject of many posts on a social media website within a short period of time.

trial
a formal examination of evidence by a judge, typically before a jury, in order to decide guilt in a case of criminal or civil proceedings.
a test of the performance, qualities, or suitability of someone or something.
a person, experience, or situation that tests a person's endurance or forbearance.
test (something, especially a new product) to assess its suitability or performance.
(of a horse, dog, or other animal) compete in trials.

tribal
of or characteristic of a tribe or tribes.

tribe
a social division in a traditional society consisting of families or communities linked by social, economic, religious, or blood ties, with a common culture and dialect, typically having a recognized leader.

trick
a peculiar or characteristic habit or mannerism.
(in bridge, whist, and similar card games) a sequence of cards forming a single round of play. One card is laid down by each player, the highest card being the winner.
a skilful act performed for entertainment or amusement.
a cunning act or scheme intended to deceive or outwit someone.

trigger
cause (a device) to function.
a small device that releases a spring or catch and so sets off a mechanism, especially in order to fire a gun.

trim
make (something) neat or of the required size or form by cutting away irregular or unwanted parts.
decorate (something), typically with contrasting items or pieces of material.
adjust (a sail) to take advantage of the wind.
additional decoration, typically along the edges of something and in contrasting colour or material.
an act of cutting something in order to neaten it.
the state of being in good order or condition.
the way in which a ship floats in the water, especially in relation to the fore-and-aft line.
neat and smart in appearance; in good order.
the degree to which an aircraft can be maintained at a constant altitude without any control forces being present.

trip
catch one's foot on something and stumble or fall.
walk, run, or dance with quick light steps.
activate (a mechanism), especially by contact with a switch, catch, or other electrical device.
go on a short journey.
a journey or excursion, especially for pleasure.
a stumble or fall due to catching one's foot on something.
a device that activates or disconnects a mechanism, circuit, etc.

triumph
the processional entry of a victorious general into ancient Rome.
(of a Roman general) ride into ancient Rome after a victory.
a great victory or achievement.
achieve a victory; be successful.

troop
a cavalry unit commanded by a captain.
soldiers or armed forces.

troubled
beset by problems or difficulties.
cause distress or anxiety to.

truck
a large, heavy road vehicle used for carrying goods, materials, or troops; a lorry.
a railway bogie.

truly
in a truthful way.
to the fullest degree; genuinely or properly.
in actual fact or without doubt; really.

trunk
a large box with a hinged lid for storing or transporting clothes and other articles.
the elongated, prehensile nose of an elephant.
a person's or animal's body apart from the limbs and head.
the main woody stem of a tree as distinct from its branches and roots.

tube
a long, hollow cylinder of metal, plastic, glass, etc. for holding or transporting something, chiefly liquids or gases.

tumor
a swelling of a part of the body, generally without inflammation, caused by an abnormal growth of tissue, whether benign or malignant.

tune
a melody, especially one which characterizes a certain piece of music.
adjust (a musical instrument) to the correct or uniform pitch.
adjust (a receiver circuit such as a radio or television) to the frequency of the required signal.
adjust (an engine) or balance (mechanical parts) so that a vehicle runs smoothly and efficiently.
adjust or adapt (something) to a particular purpose or situation.

tunnel
an artificial underground passage, especially one built through a hill or under a building, road, or river.

turkey
a large mainly domesticated game bird native to North America, having a bald head and (in the male) red wattles. It is a popular food on festive occasions such as Christmas and (in the US) Thanksgiving.

turn
make (a profit).
the difference between the buying and selling price of stocks or other financial products.
move or cause to move in a circular direction wholly or partly around an axis or point.
move (something) so that it is in a different position in relation to its surroundings or its previous position.
change or cause to change in nature, state, form, or colour; become or make.
start doing or becoming involved with.
shape (something) on a lathe.
an act of moving something in a circular direction around an axis or point.
a change of direction when moving.
an opportunity or obligation to do something that comes successively to each of a number of people.
a short walk or ride.

TV
Full Definition of TELEVISION. 1. : an electronic system of transmitting transient images of fixed or moving objects together with sound over a wire or through space by apparatus that converts light and sound into electrical waves and reconverts them into visible light rays and audible sound. 2.
Full <b>Definition</b> of <b>TELEVISION</b>. 1. : an electronic system of transmitting transient images of fixed or moving objects together with sound over a wire or through space by apparatus that converts light and sound into electrical waves and reconverts them into visible light rays and audible sound. 2.

twelve
equivalent to the product of three and four; two more than ten; 12.

twenty
the number equivalent to the product of two and ten; ten less than thirty; 20.

twice
two times; on two occasions.

twin
something containing or consisting of two matching or corresponding parts, in particular:
forming, or being one of, a pair born at one birth.
link (a town or district) with another in a different country or cause (two towns or districts) to be linked, for the purposes of friendship and cultural exchange.
one of two children or animals born at the same birth.

twist
dance the twist.
form into a bent, curling, or distorted shape.
cause to rotate around a stationary point; turn.

type
a category of people or things having common characteristics.
(forming adjectives) resembling or having the characteristics of a specified thing.
a person or thing exemplifying the ideal or defining characteristics of something.
characters or letters that are printed or shown on a screen.
write (something) on a typewriter or computer by pressing the keys.
a design on either side of a medal or coin.

typical
having the distinctive qualities of a particular type of person or thing.
representative as a symbol; symbolic.

typically
of the nature of or serving as a type or representative specimen. conforming to a particular type. Biology. exemplifying most nearly the essential characteristics of a higher group in natural history, and forming the type: the <b>typical</b> genus of a family.

ugly
unpleasant or repulsive, especially in appearance.
involving or likely to involve violence or other unpleasantness.

uh
used to express hesitation.

ultimate
a final or fundamental fact or principle.
being or happening at the end of a process; final.
being the best or most extreme example of its kind.
the best achievable or imaginable of its kind.

ultimately
finally; in the end.

unable
lacking the skill, means, or opportunity to do something.

uncertain
not able to be relied on; not known or definite.

uncover
remove a cover or covering from.
discover (something previously secret or unknown).

under
extending or directly below.
at a lower level than.
lower than (a specified amount, rate, norm, or age).
controlled, managed, or governed by.
undergoing (a process).
extending or directly below something.
under water.
below; beneath.
insufficiently; incompletely.

undergo
experience or be subjected to (something, typically something unpleasant or arduous).

undergraduate
a university student who has not yet taken a first degree.

understand
perceive the intended meaning of (words, a language, or a speaker).
interpret or view (something) in a particular way.
be sympathetically or knowledgeably aware of the character or nature of.

understanding
the ability to understand something; comprehension.
sympathetic awareness or tolerance.
an informal or unspoken agreement or arrangement.
sympathetically aware of other people's feelings; tolerant and forgiving.
perceive the intended meaning of (words, a language, or a speaker).
interpret or view (something) in a particular way.
be sympathetically or knowledgeably aware of the character or nature of.

undertake
commit oneself to and begin (an enterprise or responsibility); take on.
catch up with and pass (another vehicle) while travelling on the inside.

unemployment
the state of being unemployed.

unexpected
not expected or regarded as likely to happen.

unfair
not based on or behaving according to the principles of equality and justice.

unfold
open or spread out from a folded position.
(of events or information) gradually develop or be revealed.

unfortunately
it is unfortunate that.

unhappy
unfortunate.
not happy.

uniform
remaining the same in all cases and at all times; unchanging in form or character.
denoting a garment forming part of a person's uniform.

union
a joint or coupling for pipes.
the action of joining together or the fact of being joined together, especially in a political context.
a society or association formed by people with a common interest or purpose.
a political unit consisting of a number of states or provinces with the same central government, in particular:
(in South Asia) a local administrative unit comprising several rural villages.
a fabric made of two or more different yarns, typically cotton and linen or silk.
a part of a flag with an emblem symbolizing national union, typically occupying the upper corner next to the staff.

unique
being the only one of its kind; unlike anything else.
a unique person or thing.

unit
an individual thing or person regarded as single and complete but which can also form an individual component of a larger or more complex whole.
a device that has a specified function, especially one forming part of a complex mechanism.

unite
come or bring together for a common purpose or action.

United
joined together politically, for a common purpose, or by common feelings.
come or bring together for a common purpose or action.

unity
the state of being united or joined as a whole.
each of the three dramatic principles requiring limitation of the supposed time of a drama to that occupied in acting it or to a single day ( unity of time ), use of one scene throughout ( unity of place ), and concentration on the development of a single plot ( unity of action ).

university
a high-level educational institution in which students study for degrees and academic research is done.

unknown
an unknown person or thing.
not known or familiar.

unless
except if (used to introduce the case in which a statement being made is not true or valid).

unprecedented
never done or known before.

until
up to (the point in time or the event mentioned).

unusual
not habitually or commonly occurring or done.

up
(of a jockey) in the saddle.
a period of good fortune.
(of a road) being repaired.
towards a higher place or position.
at or to a higher level of intensity, volume, or activity.
to the place where someone is.
towards or in the capital or a major city.
into the desired or a proper condition.
into a happy mood.
out of bed.
displayed on a noticeboard or other publicly visible site.
(of sailing) against the current or the wind.
from a lower to a higher point of (something).
along or further along (a street or road).
directed or moving towards a higher place or position.
at an end.
(of a computer system) functioning properly.
in a cheerful mood; ebullient.
increase (a level or amount).
lift (something) up.
(added to verbs and their derivatives) upwards.
(added to nouns) denoting motion up.
(added to nouns) higher.

update
make (something) more modern or up to date.
an act of updating something or someone or an updated version of something.

upon
more formal term for on, especially in abstract senses.

upper
situated above another part.
situated on higher ground.

upstairs
on or to an upper floor of a building.

urban
in, relating to, or characteristic of a town or city.
denoting or relating to popular dance music of black origin.

urge
try earnestly or persistently to persuade (someone) to do something.
a strong desire or impulse.

us
used by a speaker to refer to himself or herself and one or more other people as the object of a verb or preposition.

use
the characteristic ritual and liturgy of a Christian Church or diocese.
take or consume (an amount) from a limited supply.
describing an action or situation that was done repeatedly or existed for a period in the past.
be or become familiar with (someone or something) through experience.
the action of using something or the state of being used for a purpose.
the value or advantage of something.
the habitual consumption of a drug.
take, hold, or deploy (something) as a means of accomplishing or achieving something; employ.

used
having already been used.

user
a person who uses or operates something.
a person who exploits others.

usual
habitually or typically occurring or done; customary.
the thing which is typically done or present.

usually
under normal conditions; generally.

utility
a public utility.
the state of being useful, profitable, or beneficial.
useful, especially through being able to perform several functions.
functional rather than attractive.

utilize
make practical and effective use of.

vacation
a fixed holiday period between terms in universities and law courts.
the action of leaving something one previously occupied.
take a holiday.

vaccine
an antigenic substance prepared from the causative agent of a disease or a synthetic substitute, used to provide immunity against one or several diseases.

valid
(of an argument or point) having a sound basis in logic or fact; reasonable or cogent.

validity
the quality of being logically or factually sound; soundness or cogency.

valley
a low area of land between hills or mountains, typically with a river or stream flowing through it.

valuable
worth a great deal of money.
a thing that is of great worth, especially a small item of personal property.

value
the regard that something is held to deserve; the importance, worth, or usefulness of something.
principles or standards of behaviour; one's judgement of what is important in life.
the numerical amount denoted by an algebraic term; a magnitude, quantity, or number.
the relative degree of lightness or darkness of a particular colour.
estimate the monetary worth of.
consider (someone or something) to be important or beneficial; have a high opinion of.

van
a covered motor vehicle, typically without side windows, used for transporting goods or people.

vanish
disappear suddenly and completely.

variable
not consistent or having a fixed pattern; liable to change.
able to be changed or adapted.
an element, feature, or factor that is liable to vary or change.

variation
a change or slight difference in condition, amount, or level, typically within certain limits.
a different or distinct form or version of something.

various
different from one another; of different kinds or sorts.
more than one; individual and separate.

vary
differ in size, amount, degree, or nature from something else of the same general class.

vast
an immense space.
of very great extent or quantity; immense.

vegetable
a plant or part of a plant used as food, such as a cabbage, potato, turnip, or bean.

vehicle
a thing used for transporting people or goods, especially on land, such as a car, lorry, or cart.
a thing used to express, embody, or fulfil something.
a film, television programme, song, etc. that is intended to display the leading performer to the best advantage.

venture
a risky or daring journey or undertaking.
undertake a risky or daring journey or course of action.
dare to do or say something that may be considered audacious (often used as a polite expression of hesitation or apology).

verbal
relating to or in the form of words.

verdict
a decision on an issue of fact in a civil or criminal case or an inquest.

version
create a new version of.
an account of a matter from a particular person's point of view.
a particular form of something differing in certain respects from an earlier form or other forms of the same type of thing.

versus
against (especially in sporting and legal use).

vertical
an upright structure.
at right angles to a horizontal plane; in a direction, or having an alignment, such that the top is directly above the bottom.
involving different levels or stages of a hierarchy or process.
a vertical line or plane.
the distance between the highest and lowest points of a ski area.

very
used for emphasis:
actual; precise (used to emphasize the exact identity of someone or something).
emphasizing an extreme point in time or space.
with no addition of anything else; mere.

vessel
a ship or large boat.
a hollow container, especially one used to hold liquid, such as a bowl or cask.

veteran
a person who has had long experience in a particular field.

video
make a video recording of (something broadcast on television).
film with a video camera.

view
a sight or prospect, typically of attractive natural scenery, that can be taken in by the eye from a particular place.
the ability to see something or to be seen from a particular place.
a particular way of considering or regarding something; an attitude or opinion.
look at or inspect.
regard in a particular light or with a particular attitude.

viewer
a person who looks at or inspects something.
a device for looking at film transparencies or similar photographic images.

violation
the action of violating someone or something.

violence
behaviour involving physical force intended to hurt, damage, or kill someone or something.
strength of emotion or of a destructive natural force.

violent
using or involving physical force intended to hurt, damage, or kill someone or something.
(especially of an emotion or a destructive natural force) very strong or powerful.

virtual
almost or nearly as described, but not completely or according to strict definition.

virtually
by means of virtual reality techniques.
nearly; almost.

virtue
(in traditional Christian angelology) the seventh-highest order of the ninefold celestial hierarchy.
behaviour showing high moral standards.

virus
a piece of code which is capable of copying itself and typically has a detrimental effect, such as corrupting the system or destroying data.
an infective agent that typically consists of a nucleic acid molecule in a protein coat, is too small to be seen by light microscopy, and is able to multiply only within the living cells of a host.

visible
able to be seen.
relating to imports or exports of tangible commodities.

visit
go to see and spend time with (someone) socially.
go to see (someone or something) for a specific purpose, such as to give or receive professional advice.

visitor
a person visiting someone or somewhere, especially socially or as a tourist.

visual
relating to seeing or sight.
a picture, piece of film, or display used to illustrate or accompany something.

vital
the body's important internal organs.
absolutely necessary; essential.
full of energy; lively.

vitamin
any of a group of organic compounds which are essential for normal growth and nutrition and are required in small quantities in the diet because they cannot be synthesized by the body.

vocal
relating to the human voice.
(of music) consisting of or incorporating singing.

voice
a particular opinion or attitude expressed.
express in words.
the sound produced in a person's larynx and uttered through the mouth, as speech or song.

volume
the amount of space that a substance or object occupies, or that is enclosed within a container.
quantity or power of sound; degree of loudness.
a book forming part of a work or series.

voluntary
an organ solo played before, during, or after a church service.
done, given, or acting of one's own free will.
working, done, or maintained without payment.

volunteer
a person who freely offers to take part in an enterprise or undertake a task.
a person who works for an organization without being paid.

vote
give or register a vote.
a formal indication of a choice between two or more candidates or courses of action, expressed typically through a ballot or a show of hands.

voter
a person who votes or has the right to vote at an election.

voting
give or register a vote.

vulnerable
exposed to the possibility of being attacked or harmed, either physically or emotionally.

wage
carry on (a war or campaign).
a fixed regular payment earned for work or services, typically paid on a daily or weekly basis.

wait
stay where one is or delay action until a particular time or event.
remain in readiness for a purpose.
used to indicate that one is eagerly impatient to do something or for something to happen.

wake
emerge or cause to emerge from sleep; stop sleeping.

walk
move at a regular pace by lifting and setting down each foot in turn, never having both feet off the ground at once.
guide, accompany, or escort (someone) on foot.
(of a ghost) be visible; appear.
a route recommended or marked out for recreational walking.
an act of travelling or an outing on foot.
an unhurried rate of movement on foot.

walking
move at a regular pace by lifting and setting down each foot in turn, never having both feet off the ground at once.
guide, accompany, or escort (someone) on foot.

wall
a thing regarded as a protective or restrictive barrier.
a continuous vertical brick or stone structure that encloses or divides an area of land.

want
have a desire to possess or do (something); wish for.
a lack or deficiency of something.
a desire for something.

war
a state of armed conflict between different countries or different groups within a country.
engage in a war.

warehouse
store (goods) in a warehouse.
a large building where raw materials or manufactured goods may be stored prior to their distribution for sale.

warm
of or at a fairly or comfortably high temperature.
having or showing enthusiasm, affection, or kindness.
(of a colour) containing red, yellow, or orange tones.

warmth
enthusiasm, affection, or kindness.
the quality, state, or sensation of being warm; moderate heat.

warn
inform someone in advance of a possible danger, problem, or other unpleasant situation.

warning
a statement or event that warns of something or that serves as a cautionary example.
inform someone in advance of a possible danger, problem, or other unpleasant situation.

warrior
any of a number of standing poses in yoga in which the legs are held apart and the arms are stretched outwards.
(especially in former times) a brave or experienced soldier or fighter.

wash
kitchen slops and other food waste fed to pigs.
malt fermenting in preparation for distillation.
Washington.
an inlet of the North Sea on the east coast of England between Norfolk and Lincolnshire.
clean with water and, typically, soap or detergent.
(of flowing water) carry (someone or something) in a particular direction.
brush with a thin coat of dilute paint or ink.
an act of washing something or an instance of being washed.
a medicinal or cleansing solution applied to the skin.
a layer of paint or metal spread thinly on a surface.
the water or air disturbed by a moving boat or aircraft.
silt or gravel carried by a stream or river and deposited as sediment.

watch
a small timepiece worn typically on a strap on one's wrist.
look at or observe attentively over a period of time.
exercise care, caution, or restraint about.

water
a stretch or area of water, such as a river, sea, or lake.
urine.
a colourless, transparent, odourless, liquid which forms the seas, lakes, rivers, and rain and is the basis of the fluids of living organisms.

wave
style (hair) so that it curls slightly.
a long body of water curling into an arched form and breaking on the shore.
a sudden occurrence of or increase in a phenomenon, feeling, or emotion.
a gesture or signal made by moving one's hand to and fro.
a slightly curling lock of hair.
move one's hand to and fro in greeting or as a signal.
move to and fro with a swaying motion while remaining fixed to one point.

way
a sloping structure down which a new ship is launched.
a method, style, or manner of doing something; an optional or alternative form of action.
a road, track, or path for travelling along.
parts into which something divides or is divided.
at or to a considerable distance or extent; far (used before an adverb or preposition for emphasis).
forward motion or momentum of a ship or boat through water.

we
used by a speaker to refer to himself or herself and one or more other people considered together.

weak
lacking the power to perform physically demanding tasks; having little physical strength or energy.
liable to break or give way under pressure; easily damaged.
lacking intensity or brightness.

weaken
make or become weaker in power, resolve, or physical strength.

weakness
the state or condition of being weak.
a disadvantage or fault.
a person or thing that one is unable to resist or likes excessively.

wealth
a plentiful supply of a particular desirable thing.
an abundance of valuable possessions or money.

wealthy
having a great deal of money, resources, or assets; rich.

weapon
a thing designed or used for inflicting bodily harm or physical damage.

wear
have (something) on one's body as clothing, decoration, or protection.
damage, erode, or destroy by friction or use.
damage or deterioration sustained from continuous use.
bring (a ship) about by turning its head away from the wind.
clothing suitable for a particular purpose or of a particular type.

weather
make (boards or tiles) overlap downwards to keep out rain.
wear away or change the appearance or texture of (something) by long exposure to the atmosphere.
(of a ship) come safely through (a storm).
the state of the atmosphere at a particular place and time as regards heat, cloudiness, dryness, sunshine, wind, rain, etc.

web
a roll of paper used in a continuous printing process.
a piece of woven fabric.
a complex system of interconnected elements.
a membrane between the toes of a swimming bird or other aquatic animal.
a network of fine threads constructed by a spider from fluid secreted by its spinnerets, used to catch its prey.

wedding
a marriage ceremony, especially considered as including the associated celebrations.
combine (two factors or qualities, especially desirable ones).

weed
a wild plant growing where it is not wanted and in competition with cultivated plants.

week
a period of seven days.

weekend
Saturday and Sunday, especially regarded as a time for leisure.

weekly
done, produced, or occurring once a week.
once a week.

weigh
find out how heavy (someone or something) is, typically using scales.

weight
the surface density of cloth, used as a measure of its quality.
assign a handicap weight to (a horse).
treat (a fabric) with a mineral to make it seem thicker and heavier.
the ability of someone or something to influence decisions or actions.
hold (something) down by placing a heavy object on top of it.
attribute importance or value to.
a body's relative mass or the quantity of matter contained by it, giving rise to a downward force; the heaviness of a person or thing.
a piece of metal known to weigh a definite amount and used on scales to determine how heavy an object or quantity of a substance is.

weird
a person's destiny.
suggesting something supernatural; unearthly.
induce a sense of disbelief or alienation in someone.

welcome
greet (someone arriving) in a polite or friendly way.
an instance or manner of greeting someone.  
used to greet someone in a polite or friendly way.
(of a guest or new arrival) gladly received.
very pleasing because much needed or desired.
allowed or invited to do a specified thing.

west
the direction towards the point of the horizon where the sun sets at the equinoxes, on the left-hand side of a person facing north.

western
situated in the west, or directed towards or facing the west.

wet
covered or saturated with water or another liquid.

whale
a very large marine mammal with a streamlined hairless body, a horizontal tail fin, and a blowhole on top of the head for breathing.
beat; hit.

what
asking for information specifying something.

wheelchair
a chair fitted with wheels for use as a means of transport by a person who is unable to walk as a result of illness, injury, or disability.

when
at what time.

whenever
at whatever time; on whatever occasion (emphasizing a lack of restriction).

where
in or to what place or position.

whereas
in contrast or comparison with the fact that.

wherever
in or to whatever place (emphasizing a lack of restriction).

whether
expressing a doubt or choice between alternatives.

which
asking for information specifying one or more people or things from a definite set.

while
a period of time.
at the same time; meanwhile.

whip
a strip of leather or length of cord fastened to a handle, used for flogging or beating a person or for urging on an animal.
an official of a political party appointed to maintain parliamentary discipline among its members, especially so as to ensure attendance and voting in debates.

whisper
a soft or confidential tone of voice; a whispered word or phrase.
speak very softly using one's breath rather than one's throat, especially for the sake of secrecy.

white
belonging to or denoting a human group having light-coloured skin (chiefly used of peoples of European extraction).
of the colour of milk or fresh snow, due to the reflection of all visible rays of light; the opposite of black.

whom
used instead of who as the object of a verb or preposition.

whose
belonging to or associated with which person.

why
for what reason or purpose.

wide
including a great variety of people or things.
to the full extent.
far from a particular or intended point or target.
of great or more than average width.
at a considerable or specified distance from an intended point or target.

widely
far apart; with a wide space or interval between.

widow
a woman who has lost her spouse by death and has not married again.

wife
a married woman considered in relation to her spouse.

wild
(of a playing card) deemed to have any value, suit, colour, or other property in a game at the discretion of the player holding it.
(of an animal or plant) living or growing in the natural environment; not domesticated or cultivated.
(of a place or region) uninhabited, uncultivated, or inhospitable.
lacking discipline or restraint.
not based on sound reasoning or probability.
a natural state or uncultivated or uninhabited region.
treat (a person or animal) harshly, so that they become untrusting or nervous.

wilderness
an uncultivated, uninhabited, and inhospitable region.

wildlife
wild animals collectively; the native fauna (and sometimes flora) of a region.

will
expressing the future tense.

willing
ready, eager, or prepared to do something.
bequeath something to (someone) by the terms of one's will.

wind
hoist or draw (something) with a windlass, winch, or similar device.
a twist or turn in a course.
a single turn made when winding.
cause (someone) to have difficulty breathing because of exertion or a blow to the stomach.
the perceptible natural movement of the air, especially in the form of a current of air blowing from a particular direction.
breath as needed in physical exertion, speech, etc., or the power of breathing without difficulty in such situations.
detect the presence of (a person or animal) by scent.
move in or take a twisting or spiral course.
pass (something) round a thing or person so as to encircle or enfold.
make (a clock or other device, typically one operated by clockwork) operate by turning a key or handle.
cause (an audio or video tape or a film) to move back or forwards to a desired point.
wind instruments, or specifically woodwind instruments, forming a band or a section of an orchestra.

window
an opening in the wall or roof of a building or vehicle, fitted with glass in a frame to admit light or air and allow people to see out.
a transparent panel on an envelope to show an address.

wine
an alcoholic drink made from fermented grape juice.
entertain someone by offering them drinks and a meal.

wing
a rigid horizontal structure that projects from both sides of an aircraft and supports it in the air.
(in a bird) a modified forelimb that bears large feathers and is used for flying.

winner
a person or thing that wins something.

winter
the coldest season of the year, in the northern hemisphere from December to February and in the southern hemisphere from June to August.

wire
an electronic listening device that can be concealed on a person.
metal drawn out into the form of a thin flexible thread or rod.

wisdom
the quality of having experience, knowledge, and good judgement; the quality of being wise.

wise
having or showing experience, knowledge, and good judgement.
become aware of or informed about something.
the manner or extent of something.
forming adjectives and adverbs of manner or respect such as clockwise, otherwise.

wish
feel or express a strong desire or hope for something that cannot or probably will not happen.
want to do something.
hope that (someone) has to deal with someone or something undesirable.
a desire or hope for something to happen.

with
in the same direction as.
having or possessing (something).
accompanied by (another person or thing).
indicating the instrument used to perform an action.
in opposition to.
indicating the manner or attitude in which a person does something.
indicating responsibility.
in relation to.
employed by.
indicating separation or removal from something.

withdraw
remove or take away (something) from a particular place or position.
leave or cause to leave a place or situation.
depart to another place in search of quiet or privacy.
discontinue or no longer provide (something previously supplied or offered).
cease to take an addictive drug.

withdrawal
the action of withdrawing something.

within
inside (something).
not further off than (used with distances).
occurring inside (a particular period of time).
inside; indoors.

wolf
a wild carnivorous mammal which is the largest member of the dog family, living and hunting in packs. It is native to both Eurasia and North America, but is much persecuted and has been widely exterminated.

woman
an adult human female.
in nouns denoting a woman of a specified nationality or belonging to a specified group or having a specified role or occupation.

wonder
a person or thing regarded as very good, remarkable, or effective.
a feeling of amazement and admiration, caused by something beautiful, remarkable, or unfamiliar.

wonderful
inspiring delight, pleasure, or admiration; extremely good; marvellous.

wood
an area of land, smaller than a forest, that is covered with growing trees.
the hard fibrous material that forms the main substance of the trunk or branches of a tree or shrub, used for fuel or timber.

work
a thing or things done or made; the result of an action.
be engaged in physical or mental activity in order to achieve a result; do work.
(of a machine or system) function, especially properly or effectively.
(of a plan or method) have the desired result or effect.
bring (a material or mixture) to a desired shape or consistency by hammering, kneading, etc.
move or cause to move gradually or with difficulty into another position.
bring into a specified emotional state.
denoting things or parts made of a specified material or with specified tools.
a task or tasks to be undertaken.
activity involving mental or physical effort done in order to achieve a result.
the operative part of a clock or other machine.

worker
a person who achieves a specified thing.
a person who works, in particular:
a neuter or undeveloped female bee, wasp, ant, or other social insect, large numbers of which do the basic work of the colony.

working
having paid employment.
functioning or able to function.
(of a theory, definition, or title) used as the basis for work or argument and likely to be developed or improved later.
the action of doing work.
the way in which a machine, organization, or system operates.
be engaged in physical or mental activity in order to achieve a result; do work.
(of a machine or system) function, especially properly or effectively.
(of a plan or method) have the desired result or effect.
bring (a material or mixture) to a desired shape or consistency by hammering, kneading, etc.
move or cause to move gradually or with difficulty into another position.
bring into a specified emotional state.
a mine or a part of a mine from which minerals are being extracted.

workout
a session of vigorous physical exercise or training.

workshop
present a performance of (a dramatic work), using intensive group discussion and improvisation in order to explore aspects of the production prior to formal staging.
a meeting at which a group of people engage in intensive discussion and activity on a particular subject or project.
a room or building in which goods are manufactured or repaired.

world
the earth, together with all of its countries and peoples.
a particular region or group of countries.
human and social interaction.
another planet like the earth.

worldwide
extending or reaching throughout the world.
throughout the world.

would
past of will1, in various senses.

wound
inflict a wound on.
an injury to living tissue caused by a cut, blow, or other impact, typically one in which the skin is cut or broken.

wow
expressing astonishment or admiration.

wrap
cover or enclose in paper or soft material.

wrist
the joint connecting the hand with the forearm.

write
mark (letters, words, or other symbols) on a surface, typically paper, with a pen, pencil, or similar implement.
compose, write, and send (a letter) to someone.
compose (a text or work) for written or printed reproduction or publication; put into literary form and set down in writing.

writer
a person who has written something or who writes in a particular way.

writing
the activity or occupation of composing text for publication.
the activity or skill of writing.

wrong
not correct or true; incorrect.
unjust, dishonest, or immoral.
in an unsuitable or undesirable manner or direction.
act unjustly or dishonestly towards.
an unjust, dishonest, or immoral act.

yard
a unit of linear measure equal to 3 feet (0.9144 metre).

yeah
non-standard spelling of yes, representing a pronunciation.

year
one's age or time of life.
the time taken by the earth to make one revolution around the sun.
the period of 365 days (or 366 days in leap years) starting from the first of January, used for reckoning time in ordinary circumstances.
a set of students grouped together as being of roughly similar ages, mostly entering a school or college in the same academic year.

yell
shout in a loud, sharp way.
a loud, sharp cry of pain, surprise, or delight.

yellow
of the colour between green and orange in the spectrum, a primary subtractive colour complementary to blue; coloured like ripe lemons or egg yolks.
(of a style of writing, especially in journalism) lurid and sensational.
become yellow, especially with age.
used in names of moths or butterflies that are mainly yellow in colour, in particular:
any of a number of plant diseases in which the leaves turn yellow, typically caused by viruses and transmitted by insects.
yellow colour or pigment.
a yellow ball or piece in a game or sport, especially the yellow ball in snooker.

yes
used to give an affirmative response.
used as a response to someone addressing one or trying to attract one's attention.
used to question a remark.
encouraging someone to continue speaking.
expressing great pleasure or excitement.
an affirmative answer or decision, especially in voting.
expressing irritation or impatience.

yesterday
the day before today.
on the day before today.

yet
up until the present or a specified or implied time; by now or then.
still; even (used to emphasize increase or repetition).
in spite of that; nevertheless.
but at the same time; but nevertheless.

yield
produce or provide (a natural, agricultural, or industrial product).
give way to arguments, demands, or pressure.
(of a mass or structure) give way under force or pressure.
an amount produced of an agricultural or industrial product.

You
used to refer to the person or people that the speaker is addressing.
used to refer to any person in general.

young
used to denote the younger of two people of the same name.
having lived or existed for only a short time.
offspring, especially of an animal before or soon after birth.

youngster
a child, young person, or young animal.

your
belonging to or associated with the person or people that the speaker is addressing.
belonging to or associated with any person in general.
used when addressing the holder of certain titles.

yours
used to refer to a thing or things belonging to or associated with the person or people that the speaker is addressing.
used in formulas ending a letter.

yourself
used to refer to the person being addressed as the object of a verb or preposition when they are also the subject of the clause.
you personally (used to emphasize the person being addressed).

youth
a young man.
the period between childhood and adult age.

zone
divide into or assign to zones.
an area or stretch of land having a particular characteristic, purpose, or use, or subject to particular restrictions.
